Look around you.
Everything moves, everything revolves.
This is how we are born.
The sun, the moon, the planets and the stars look at it.
And we are in the middle.
Our location.
But Nicholas Copernicus came and assumed that the sun was in the middle, and we would orbit the sun.
Just like the other planets.
An Earth that moves?
But we don't see or feel anything about it, do we?
That was 1543.
Galileo made a telescope and aimed for the starry sky for the first time in 1610.
He spotted moons at Jupiter and saw them orbiting the planet over the course of hours and days.
Later, Christiaan Huygens and Dominique Cassini also discovered moons near the planet Saturn.
Everything revolves around something else.
Should it be true?
Johannes Kepler described these movements, and Isaac Newton caught them.
From the apple to the planet, everything followed its laws.
And us?
We got used to it and knew nothing else but that the sun was in the middle and we were orbiting it.
And the stars you see?
The band of foggy light, the Milky Way?
All cultures had given them a special meaning:
For the Egyptians, it was wheat of Isis, the Incas saw golden star dust in it, the Eskimos saw a snowpath, the Christians saw the way to Rome.
It turned out that this Milky Way was also made up of stars:
of hundreds, thousands, millions of stars.
And then it was discovered that there were also small mists.
Some spiral, others oval or uneven.
Where should they go?
How does it all fit together?
We, the stars, the Milky Way, the nebulae?
In the middle of the 19th century it was known that all these points of light are actually suns.
That they had to be far away.
That the sun is a star that is very close.
And that was the universe: this crowd of stars.
And our position in it?
Spiral Galaxy The Milky Way unravels
A film by Maarten Roos in collaboration with Pieter-Rim de Kroon
In the middle of the 19th century, the arrival of photography brought about a great change in astronomical perception techniques.
Before that, astronomers in the northern sky had set the positions and brightness of all stars visually, without photography.
With a telescope one looked at the whole sky and wrote down the position and brightness for each star.
So you have made an inventory until a certain brightness.
Such an inventory was called a survey.
When photography had made its entrance, there was an astronomer in the southern hemisphere who said:
'Let's do for the southern sky what was done for the northern sky, but with photography. '
This astronomer was the director of the observatory of the Cape of Good Hope, David Gill.
I am sitting here by a photographic telescope similar to the one used by David Gill.
When taking photos, the telescope has to stay in the same position in the sky.
You have to make sure that the telescope follows very precisely the daily movement of the sky.
There is a part of it where the photographic plate was, for example here.
This is the flame of the telescope.
Parallel to that, there is another telescope down here to keep an eye on the sky
So you look here to see if the telescope follows the sky correctly. At the same time, the other part sometimes photographs with very long exposure times - the same piece of sky.
This may take a few minutes, maybe even longer.
When it is ready, you have to take the plate out, aim for another piece of the sky, insert a new photographic plate;
and so it goes on and on until you have covered the whole sky with photographic plates.
So Gill started with that big project to photograph the southern sky.
However, he did not immediately think how he was measured the plates.
Around the same time, the astronomer Kapteyn had been appointed professor of astronomy in Groningen (The Netherlands).
It was expected that there would soon be a large telescope, but for reasons not quite clear, it did not come to that.
As Kapteyn thought:
There's got to be enough useful stuff to do without a telescope. '
This is how the idea was born to work with David Gill and help him with the enormous measurements of the record collection.
They corresponded about it and that soon led to an agreement:
Kapteyn would make it his job to measure the records, while Gill would record more records.
One may wonder if the two of them were aware of the tremendous work they were doing.
Kapteyn, full of enterprise, worked for many years until he was finished.
It was finally published like three very thick volumes found at the Groningen Astronomical Institute.
It says almost nothing more than columns with digits that say which stars were recorded on the plates, how healthy they were, and where in the sky they stood.
This great work has become known as Cape Photography Survey.
So this is the first monumental work Kapteyn has distinguished himself with.
However, he must have also thought of all sorts of other astronomical problems.
In particular, this was the characteristics of the large collection of stars that we perceive in the sky as the Milky Way.
He made an important discovery in this area in around 1904.
He discovered that the stars didn't just move so crisscross, but that there were preferred directions.
This was a very impressive discovery for the astronomical world, that there was regularity, which had always been assumed that it was just chaos!
It is precisely because of this that he has received even more recognition and has built more confidence into his plans to carry out further research into the Milky Way system in cooperation with foreign institutes.
At the end of his life Kapteyn created a model
of what the great swarm of stars, of which we are part, actually looked like.
In the model, all the perceptions he had collected over the years fit in as well as possible.
These were perceptions regarding the distance and movements of the stars.
We now call this the Kapteyn model.
This model could be compared to a thick disk.
Within this disk, the density in which the stars appeared was the greatest.
The closer you got to the edge of this disc, the smaller the density.
From the center to the edge, it was in the order of 30,000 light years.
This means that light takes 30,000 years to bridge this gap.
In the vertical direction of the disk, this distance was smaller, about 7,000 light years.
So this is a model that is easy to understand.
And Kapteyn must have found it a great success that, after all these years of research, he had finally developed a model of which he said:
Jacobus Kapleyns has found a model for space:
a disk with the sun in the middle.
That also explained the Milky Way well.
However, there were other scientists who had a different opinion.
Perception showed that the universe had to be much bigger.
This created a huge debate in the 1920s.
It also became clear that all the spiral nebulas had to be many times farther away than the boundaries of Kapteyn space.
Slowly, this larger vision prevailed.
The assumption grew that we are also in a flat spiral nebula.
And that the sun is not in the middle.
At the end of the 1920s, the young astronomer Jan Oort derived the rotation of our galaxy from the movements of the stars close to the sun.
This could also explain the star streams that Kapteyn discovered at the beginning of the 20th century.
But how did we get an impression of our entire Milky Way system?
Large amounts of dust between the stars prevented a clear view of distant areas and the center.
Twenty years of searching for an answer.
I was an astronomy student, and of course I also studied mathematics and physics.
In April / March 1943, all students were to sign a declaration of allegiance to the German occupation.
If you didn't want that, you had to go to work in Germany.
No student wanted that, and they had to hide.
That's easy to say, but where were they hiding?
On a farm, but I didn't know a farmer.
Or in the North-East Polder, where many students had hidden?
I had the chance to hide here in this observatory, together with another student, Hans Hubenet.
We arrived here in May 1943.
We sat down in a small room, door closed, curtains tight, and we were quiet all day.
After 6 o'clock in the evening, when the staff of the observatory were gone, we could get out, but at 8 o'clock in the morning we did not have to be in the room.
And it went on like this every day.
Also, we were in a scientific environment, so I couldn't think of a better place to hide.
There were a few other students.
Hans and I were the only ones hiding. There was a student who was three years older,
Henk van de Hulst.
Henk only had to take his final exam, but the university was closed.
Henk had one big advantage: he was an assistant in the observatory.
His ID card said 'assistant' and mine said 'student'.
And the Germans caught the students.
But an 'assistant could be assistant accountant or assistant pharmacist... he could be anything.
So Henk moved quite freely.
Early 1944 something happened that we found very special.
Henk received an invitation from Prof. Oort, the director of Leiden Observatory, to work with him for a few months.
Today, this is quite normal, but then it was whether to go to another continent.
The contacts were strange.
So Henk went to Leiden and every now and then we got news about the people and the events that happened there.
After a few months Henk came back with a very strange story.
Oort told Henk this in the years before the war,
American physicists and engineers had discovered radio emissions from space.
It was totally new and never heard of.
Where does the radio emission come from?
Oort also wanted to catch the emission in the Netherlands and investigate it immediately after the war.
And he said: 'It would be scientifically interesting if there was a wavelength where there was more radio emissions than other wavelengths.
Then you could focus on it. '
And he asked Henk:
'Henk, you're going back to Utrecht.
Could you analyze this hypothesis to see if there's a wavelength where there's more radio emissions than at other wavelengths. '
And so we heard, hidden here, this story
We asked Henk what he would do next, and Henk said he would talk to Professor Rosenfeld.
Rosenfeld was a Belgium professor of theoretical physics, a master in quantum mechanics, etc.
So, Henk went to Rosenfeld.
Rosenfeld asked:
'What's the richest gas or element in space? '
Answer: 'Hydrogen, Professor.'
'So, 'he said,' then we have to start with hydrogen, and that's just because hydrogen is the simplest atom. '
It consists of an electric charged proton at the center, and an electric charged electron that orbits the proton like a planet around the sun.
They both rotate around their axis, too.
You can do it in the same direction, or opposite.
In the first case, the system has more energy than in the second case.
When the electron turns around,
When the electron turns around, and this is emitted like radio emission.
And Rosenfeld said, 'Henk, calculate the wavelength of the emission.'
It's not hard to make a quick calculation.
And the answer was: 21 cm!
So at a wavelength of 21 cm we can expect a stronger emission than any other wavelength.
But the question is, 'Can we measure this emission?
'Because Rosenfeld also quickly calculated that the chance of an electron turning around is very small.
This happens once every ten million years per hydrogen atom!
Imagine that, tens of millions of years ago.
And when you hear that, you think, 'No chance!
But there is so much hydrogen in space that if all these small chances add up there can be a measurable emission.
Henk continued his research to determine how much radiation could be expected, concluding: 'Yes, it is possible.'
In April 1944, there was a meeting of the Dutch Astronomers Club, the Association of Professional Astronomers.
They meet three times a year, now and then.
But in 1944 there were only a few participants, there were hardly any students, because it was difficult to travel during the war.
At this meeting Henk presented his prediction:
We can expect radio emission from space at a wavelength of 21 cm and we, in the Netherlands, should make an effort to detect it.
Henk van de Hulst's prediction was and remains a prediction.
Scientific experiments were not possible, especially if it smelled like radio communication.
But if it were true, if this radio radiation really existed, it would have been a tremendous help in exploring the Milky Way system.
Radio radiation at this wavelength has little or no impediment to dust in the Milky Way, and could reach us from all parts of the Milky Way system!
Right after the war, Oort wanted to build a large radio telescope with an average of 25 meters.
But industry and technology were flat.
Funding for that project was also not possible
But Oort grew impatient.
Fortunately, the Dutch Telecomunikation Service had brought some German radar dish from the dunes on the More to the radio station in Kootwijk.
It was the so-called Wuerzburg bowl that had been part of the Atlantic Wall.
Ir. de Voogt provided one of these receivers for research into the Milky Way system in 1948.
We hope this is the right place.
You can't get anything back from the old radar dish.
It disappeared here late in the 1950s.
But we see the old main building of the radio station and some other buildings.
It shows us that we are in about the right place.
We're in Hoeven now, with such a huge radar dish.
I'm a bit confused by the color because this white color doesn't fit.
In fact, all those bowls that formed the Atlantic Wall were protective paint green.
But what's left is a real giant telescope, 7.5 metres in diameter, a small staircase, everything...
Apart from a spice mirror, you also need a good receiver.
But there were no 21 cm receivers at the time.
And the technical school in Delft had been closed during the war and there were no engineers formed.
Oort found a physics student from Leiden who was trying to build a receiver.
But a year and a half later, he hadn't gotten much further, and then he made a mistake and everything was burned down.
On March 10, 1950, one and a half years of work was lost.
Then Oort was looking for a new engineer, from the new generation from the school in Delft:
Lex Muller.
Muller was also a very active radio amateur.
At the end of 1950, he started working for the Dutch Organization for Research on Radiation from the Sun and the Milky Way.
He came to Kootwijk and five months later he managed to detect the 21 cm radio emission from the Milky Way system for the first time:
May 11, 1951.
A month and a half earlier, a student from Harvard University in America had
Harold Ewen, it also worked to detect the radiation for the first time.
No wonder because the Americans had a lot of experience with microwave technology since they developed it during the war.
Henk van de Hulst was at Harvard at the time and was responsible for the communication between Harvard, Leiden and Kootwijk.
The results of these first measurements have been published together.
For several weeks, Lex Muller made test perceptions and he drew the conclusion that he needed a better receiver for a big survey.
So he took everything from each other and spent a year building a better receiver.
In March 1952, when the new receiver was almost ready, I went to Kootwijk for a month and a half to calibrate our telescope.
We needed to know exactly where the telescope was pointing.
For this, we needed new indicators of azimuth and height, corresponding to the horizontal and vertical movements of the telescope.
Along with a technician from the radio station Kootwijk, we have improved the indicators.
They were not precise and had a false zero point.
We also fixed the small discrepancies that were left to correct.
When that was done, the large survey along the Milky Way equator could begin.
After my study of electronics I came here in 1954.
There was a small cottage near the telescope where I worked.
We put the Milky Way in map.
The perceptions were done day and night by students from Leiden who then came here in Kootwijk.
There were always three students, one for the day service, one for the evening service and one for the night service.
I helped them a bit day and night.
There was a clock in the telescope that had to be set.
To move the telescope there were two handles, one for the azimuth, and one for the height.
As the Earth rotates, we had to adjust the position of the telescope every three minutes.
Lists of these positions were prepared in Leiden.
And it was all done by hand.
The first series of tests had lasted a year, from June 1952 to June 1953.
Meanwhile, Henk van de Hulst received an invitation from Oxford to give the famous Halley reading.
For this, he wanted to show the first plan of distribution of hydrogen clouds in the Milky Way system.
So we had to put together a first plan before his reading!
To make it possible for Henk van de Hulst to show the first plan of the Milky Way system, Oort, the director of the Leiden Observatory, organized a crash action.
Every employee of the observatory worked on it.
Me too, with my fellow students.
Maarten Schmidt, Gart Westerhout.
We sat in the observatory conference room for a week, I was almost told, open-minded.
Our task was to work on the perceptions from Kootwijk, make calculations on them and give the results to Henk van de Hulst so that he could put together a plan.
Each had a stack of measurements from the same position in the sky.
So every perception was a recording of the radio emission Is function of the wavelength or frequency. I have an example here.
The recording starts so trembling, almost zero, since there is no emission.
Then it rises to a maximum, a large radio emission.
Then it falls again, and it rises to a greater maximum, and then it falls back to zero.
What happened?
The receiver's frequency has been changed slowly over the course of an hour or two.
So he recorded the hydrogen emission at different frequencies.
Why did they do this?
I remind you of the Doppler effect we all know when an ambulance or police car comes by.
Such a car sets a certain tone.
And when he approaches, we hear a higher tone than when he moves away.
The higher the sound, the higher the frequency of the sound wave (shorter wavelength).
And that depends on the speed of the car relative to the observer.
The same principle was used with the radio receiver in Kootwijk.
He detected the radio waves emitted by hydrogen.
As the hydrogen atoms approach, we perceive a higher frequency, and as they move away a lower frequency.
Higher frequency means shorter wavelength.
Lower frequency means longer wavelength.
So this principle has been used here.
The image shows the intensity of the radio emission at different wavelengths.
This corresponds to a certain number of hydrogen atoms at a safe speed in a direction of the Milky Way system
Our task was to measure the intensities at the different frequencies.
From this, we determined the number of hydrogen atoms and calculated their velocities.
Also, many recordings were made at every position in the Milky Way because the radio emission is weak and the receiver added a lot of noise.
To reduce the noise, we repeated the recordings several times.
We then had three, five or ten recordings and had to determine the mean value so that the signal would be stronger and the noise weaker.
And we gave the result to Henk van de Hulst.
From this, he determined where the hydrogen atoms lay at different speeds in the Milky Way system.
You can see that the hydrogen clouds are in a spiral band around the galactic center.
Here is the sun, here is the galactic center and the hydrogen clouds are so in one arm around it.
Very similar to what we know of extragalactic spiral nebula.
So this was a first indication that the Milky Way system has spiral arms of hydrogen gas.
Something you didn't know before.
This was the big surprise Van de Hulst announced in his Oxford lecture:
a spiral structure of the Milky Way system had been discovered, based on the perceptions from Kootwijk.
After the Oxford reading, a second survey was started in November 1953.
Here we not only saw the Milky Way equator, but also 10 degrees above and 10 degrees below, at hundreds of positions.
We measured the radio emissions as a function of velocity and detuned the distribution of hydrogen gas in the Milky Way system, above and below the Milky Way equator.
In this way, we compiled a 3-dimensional plan of the Milky Way system.
And so we mapped the Milky Way system, which is the part you can see from the Netherlands! Because you can't see the whole Michstrasse.
This resulted in this beautiful colored plan.
He was so beautiful that he hung on a wall in the observatory for several months, and he went to various conferences.
You can see four spiral arms here.
The one out of arm we already knew from the first survey, and these dark areas here in the inner part of the Milky Way system.
But, as you can see, there is a part missing here.
That's the part you can't see from the Netherlands.
There were fellow astronomers from Sydney, Australia, who had also begun to make radio observations.
The leader of this group, Frank Kerr, came to Leiden to work together.
He treated his data in a similar way as we had done for our surveys.
And this plan shows the combination of the Dutch and Australian results.
You see a difference between the parts.
You notice that the Dutch part looks sharper than the Australian part, which is because the Australians used a slightly different method.
But the spiral arms of the two parts connect well!
The important point of this diagram is that you can clearly see how the hydrogen gas in the Milky Way system is distributed in spiral arms.
Just as this publication says in the title:
'The Galactic System as a Spiral Nebula. 'The Galactic System is a spiral nebula.
Compared to the spiral nebulae we have known for a long time from photos like this one.
So this was the big result of the survey from Kootwijk, in collaboration with our colleagues from Sydney.
Our situation has now been clearly demonstrated:
a planet around a normal star, somewhere on the edge of an ordinary Milky Way system of stars, gas and dust with spiral arms.
And there are millions and millions of them.
Dutch astronomy had made a great and valuable contribution to this insight.
The Netherlands still plays an important role in an area where new discoveries are still being made, new instruments are being developed and the limits of our skills and knowledge are being pushed ever further.
A film by Maarten Roos in collaboration with Pieter-Rim de Kroon with
Don't think we're done now!
What has happened in these hundred years, count on it, in the next hundred years it will be the same.
And now we have no idea where this is going!
We should prepare ourselves for perspectives that we cannot imagine yet.
You're never finished.
Music by
supported by Initiative produced by
Translation:
Maarten Roos, thanks to Maria Suzete Serote Nunes and Beate Günther
THE DEATH KISS Crime drama in three acts
The case of Dr. Monro, who died on April 1 in mysterious circumstances, is being investigated.
The first witness: Anna Harper, housekeeper of the dead man.
"When I laid the breakfast table..."
... "the doctor's daughter cried out that something bad had happened."
"The doctor was lying in the hall, dead."
"A man I had never seen told me not to touch anything and to open it to the police."
"The servant was arrested on the basis of his testimony."
The testimony of the second witness.
Mr. Weyler, Chief Engineer of United Mechanics, states:
If the proposals are not presented on 1 April, we will lose millions and you will lose your position...
"For weeks I was tired and unable to work."
"I was treated by my family doctor Dr. Monro..."
"Even though I took his medicine, I became more and more weak."
"My boss was angry because I didn't get ahead."
"The deadline for drafts is April 1!"
Your work is much more important to you than our marriage!
I will leave you and return to my parents.
You will never see me again!
"An engineer named Lebel visited me to show me an invention."
"I made a startling discovery..."
"We look alike!
Show me your profile! "
"I had a crazy idea."
"If I do not finish, I will lose my position. Carry on for me, you will make it in time!"
"At first he thought my idea was absurd..."
"But then we changed clothes..."
"We did a test to clear up any last doubts."
"And since my wife had left me, he said yes."
"I retired to a sanatorium."
End of Act I
Act Two
The testimony of the third witness.
As a third witness, engineer Lebel testifies that Dr. Monro was not thrilled to find him healthy.
In order not to betray himself, he also took the prescribed medicine and fell ill.
Another doctor, Dr Adell, examined him and discovered that the medicine contained poison.
After he stopped taking the medicine, he was able to work again.
Weyler's wife didn't notice either.
The designs were finished on March 30, but they were stolen the same night.
He could remember a dark figure in the room.
"The next morning..."
"I was shocked to see that the most important drawing was missing."
"Dr. Adell wanted to help me clarify the incident."
"In the evening we made our preparations."
"I saw the mysterious man again..."
"He felt my pulse and said:
Strange, that's not Weyler! '
"Then he tried to open the safe."
"I was completely dazed by the gas, but I was able to follow him."
"No trace of the burglar, just a man, lonely at night."
"The man was Dr. Monro."
'In the garden we found the burglar's mask and cloak. '
"Dr. Monro wanted to examine the mask at home."
"I wanted to be there and I followed him."
"I asked Dr Adell to wait for me at home."
End of Act II
Act Three
"I accompanied Dr. Monro home."
"The door was locked from the outside."
"The other door was also locked.
I heard footsteps, the key was moving... "
"Monro's daughter came in and asked about her father."
"When the girl was in bed and I went into the hall, I suddenly heard voices..."
Lebel understands that United Mechanics "competitor is behind the attack on Weyler. He is now in danger.
In order not to give himself away, he stays with Monro overnight.
In the morning, hot chocolate is served. Lebel does not touch it.
Monro's daughter comes in.
She knocks on the tray and cocoa.
Dr. Monro takes her in his arms and gives her a kiss.
A kiss of death! A few seconds later he is dead.
"Dr. Adell found a deadly poison in the sugar bowl."
"I took the stolen drawings to Weyler's company and" my wife "returned and threw herself into my arms."
"But here came her husband!"
End
Selma Lagerlöf: Mr. Arne's treasure. A winter ballad in 5 acts.
Once upon a time, when King John III ruled over Sweden, there was a winter as severe as there had been in living memory.
The king had uncovered a conspiracy among his Scottish mercenaries.
They were banished from the realm and placed under guard until they had crossed the border.
Their leaders, bold and intrepid men, were imprisoned in a tower.
... and the youngest of them, Sir Archie.
As long as they were in the Swedish king's territory, they didn't dare reveal themselves.
They procured leather combs and pretended to be journeymen tanners who went across the country looking for work.
... and when they reached the border, they were starving.
At that time there lived in Marstrand a poor fishmonger named Torarin.
He wandered around a lot selling salted and dried fish.
"I heard some big news today, Grim.
The sea is frozen over "not only the bay and the sound, but far out."
"When we pass by the Solberga vicarage, Grim," we can ask there, "if the ice carries all the way to Marstrand."
The dog mostly lay still and listened to his master silently.
But when he heard something that did not please him, he stood up, held his muzzle in the wind, and howled - as if he were a wolf.
"What do you have against Solberga, my dear?"
"We both went to the rectory to visit Mr. Arne a lot."
In the parsonage in Solberga, the priest, Mr. Arne, sat with his family and the servants at the meal.
The priest was old and white, but still a strong and sprightly man.
His wife, however, had been hard hit by the years.
Mr. Arne's other side was the assistant priest.
At the end of the table sat Mr. Arne's granddaughter, Berghild, and Elsalill, her foster sister, an orphan who had been raised in the rectory.
Torarin was the only stranger there. He could not turn his gaze from the great oak stillness that stood at the foot of the heavenly bed.
As poor as Torarin was, he did not want to possess this money, for he had heard that Mr. Arne had taken it from the great monasteries that had once existed in the country, and that the old monks had prophesied that this money would bring him misfortune.
"Why are they sharpening knives in Branehög?"
"But tell me, why are they sharpening their long knives in Branehög tonight?"
"Don't you hear them scratching and scraping?"
"Can't you hear the crunch and creak?"
"How can you hear them grinding knives in Branehög?" "That's more than a mile from here."
"Take your spoon again and let us finish the meal."
On the same evening there was a cheerful party at the Branehög inn... and all the villagers were invited
"It is true, as they say, that those who have the shortest way always come last."
"I can still see them standing there sharpening their knives."
"God knows what they have in mind."
"It will probably be nothing more than that the vicar's wife has heard three journeymen tanners putting their tools in order."
Long after midnight, a few men went out and hooked their horses to drive home.
Get up!
Stand up!
The parsonage of Solberga is on fire!
"Mr. Arne and his family were murdered that night by three men in leather jackets" who had climbed over the roof. "
"Mr Arne's horse was stolen from the stable" and his sleigh was stolen from the shed. "
The poor orphan girl was the only one to escape the bloodbath. Torarin took her with him and his old mother to his poor hut.
Torarin's hut was high up on the highest point of the island, and all those who had been held by the frost in Marstrand climbed over and over again on to the rocks to see if the frozen bay and the sand covered their ice.
Often Elsalill would stand there and watch them go up there.
She thought how happy they were all because they had something to yearn for.
You yourself asked for nothing more in the world.
"I am not so rich, Elsalill, that I can give you food and clothes," so that you may put your hands in your lap and think about your worries. "
"Oh, Mother Katri, the last one they killed was my foster sister."
"She begged for her life," one of them stabbed her in the heart. "
"If I hadn't been hiding behind the stove, I'd be with my dear foster sister right now."
"I wish they were still alive so that I could tear their heart out of their chest, I wish they were still alive, so that I could see them being quartered and tied to the wheel."
"We have not come to frighten you, virgin." "We only ask you to let us hear your story."
"We have come to Marstrand because we want to translate to Scotland," "but the sound is frozen over.
That's why we have to pass the time here, and we would be very happy, virgin, if you let us hear your story.
"Tell them calmly that you are not too small to talk to a gentleman, Elsalill."
"You are a virgin of good origin, not a fishing girl."
Since that day Sir Archie often came to Torarin's hut to talk to Elsalill...
"God himself has sent you to me, Elsalill!"
"Elsalill, do you want to come to Scotland with me - as my wife?"
"There I will build a castle for you" "and make you a noble lady."
"Do you see the hair in my hand, Elsalill?"
"Do you see the blonde curls?"
"Likewise the hair of my foster sister wound around the hand of the one who killed her." "
"We were afraid for no reason, Elsalill.
You see, it was nothing "" just a ray of sunshine falling through the window. "
"Sir Archie, why did you remind me of the dead?"
"Let me, let me, Sir Archie," for now I have only the dead in mind. "
"Grim, my dog, now you can no longer doubt that we are crossing the sea."
You see, there's a big ship frozen in the ice. '
"What do you think when we greet the captain, Grim, and hear" if he wants to buy fish? "
Should the ice never break, should the crossing to Scotland never be possible?
Sir Archie wanted to question the captain about it.
"You who come around everywhere and hear what's happening, you know," Why has God blocked the way to the sea for so long this year, keeping us all prisoners? "
"I once lay in the harbour of Bergen for a full month, and every day there was such a strong wind that no ship could sail..."
But aboard one of the ships that lay trapped in the harbor, there was a church robber, and he would have escaped if the storm had not raged...
... "And as soon as he was brought ashore, the weather cleared up and we had a good wind..."
"Do you now understand what I mean by asking if you know" why God keeps the gates to the sea closed? "
"He wanted to sail to Scotland for himself and his men," "but I don't think of sailing with such lawless fellows on board..."
Some time later Elsalill had a strange dream she saw her dead foster sister standing in front of her...
Elsalill saw that they were in a room in the council cellar, where the waitress was washing dishes and dishes, and she felt as if her nurse was asking her to help her do the dishes.
The next day, her dream was still very much alive in her memory and irresistibly drew her to the places her foster sister had led her to in her dream.
"Instead of just standing here, you can come in and help me wash the jars and plates."
"Drink, my brother!
We still have Mr. Arne's treasure! "
She could not betray him.
She had become too fond of him.
She could not send him to the torture bench and the bike.
She could not watch them burn his hands and feet.
"God bless you for coming to me tonight, Elsalill!"
"Elsalill, I didn't come to you for a few days because I was tormented by heavy thoughts."
"But when I found you out here, my heart told me -" - "what I have to do to be free of my torment for all time."
"I cry, Sir Archie, because in my heart I feel too much love for you."
"Soon the sea will be open and the ships will be able to sail to my homeland."
"Elsalill, do you want to follow me there?"
"You must come with me, Elsalill, otherwise it will be my downfall."
"I will come to you tonight, Elsalill."
"I must have an answer from you today."
"Why are you standing here in the street crying?"
"Why didn't you stay in the council cellar?"
"I left so that I didn't have to listen to the speeches of the criminals sitting in the hall." "
"And yet I heard three men talking, and one said," Drink, my brother, we still have Mr. Arne's treasure! "
"If you have heard such words there, Virgin, you must not run away now."
"You must go with me to those who have the power and the will to apprehend the murderers and bring them to their punishment."
The captain sent a message telling Sir Archie and his men to bring their luggage on board.
In the West, the ice had begun to break, and it might well be that they would find an open way to Scotland before dawn.
"Go to the hostel and fix everything."
"I still have some things to discuss with Elsalill."
"Sir Reginald and Sir Philip went to the inn," "Sir Archie to Torarin."
"Flee, Sir Archie, the City Guard is after you."
"They are coming because they are looking for the murderers of Mr. Arne."
"Was it you, Elsalill, who recognized me and betrayed me?"
"They are coming to seize you. Flee!"
"Do you not realize that this is the end of all my hope of ever atoning for my guilt?"
'But why did you do it, Sir Archie? '
"We were mad with hunger and cold" and intoxicated by the brandy we had drunk. "
'I didn't know what I was doing. '
"Why did you abandon me at the very moment I believed in you the most?"
"You don't have to worry about me, Elsalill, tonight," "I'm me again.
I'm back in my old mood now... '
... "and tonight, nothing bad is going to happen to me," you'll see. "
... and holding Elsalill like a shield, Sir Archie leapt towards the exit.
She loved a werewolf, she protected a wretched murderer with her body.
And with the next step Sir Archie took, the spear penetrated deep into Elsalill's heart.
All night long, the captain of the large ship ran up and down the aft deck...
It's hard to say why the captain was out on such a stormy night.
His entire crew was on board, as were the fellow passengers he was supposed to bring over to Scotland.
Only when a grey morning dawned did the captain see what he had been waiting for so long.
The bay and the sound were open to the sea.
But where their ship was frozen, there was not even the slightest crack in the ice.
"I have come to fetch the virgin," "who brought the Scots to the ship yesterday..."
"Last night, she was dragged away by Mr Arne's killers" and they brought her here on the ship... "
"No, the city guard does not dare to come out."
"They say there are a hundred mercenaries on board," and they don't want to mess with them... "
"I now know why we are trapped here" while the other ships have already gone out to sea: "
"Obey and obey this man's word.
He is only doing God's will! "
And after the killers were brought ashore, the storm began to rage again.
And from the high aft deck, the captain saw a long line of people streaming out to the ship.
It was all the women of Marstrand, young and old, in mourning clothes.
And with them came boys carrying a stretcher.
They had come to take the virgin who loved a criminal and who had given her life to destroy the one she loved.
... and as the women returned to the city, the storm and the waves behind them swirled the ice aside.
And when they arrived in Marstrand with Elsalill, the gates of the sea were wide open.
THE END
A film with a smile and perhaps a tear.
Welfare clinic
The woman whose sin was to become a mother.
Alone.
The man.
His morning walk.
"Clumsy idiot!"
"Sorry, you dropped something."
Please love and take care of this orphan.
"Is this yours?"
"What's the name?"
Five years later
"Throw a coin into the gas meter."
"Do you know which streets we walked down today?"
All right...
Job No 13
Closing time.
The woman is now a famous star.
Professor Guido, impresario..
"Read what the critics say..." "Wonderful!"
Charity, an obligation for some, a joy for others.
Here comes his brother.
"You bad boy!"
"Come on, give him one!"
"If your boy hits my brother -" - I'll hit you. "
"You don't want to beat this man, do you?"
"Remember - if one of you slaps you on the right cheek," - the other one will hold out. "
Successful withdrawal
'He doesn't seem to be home. '
'The baby's sick. '
"Call a doctor immediately."
"I've got to go now, but I'm coming back."
The District Doctor
"Say:" Ahhh. ""
"Louder!"
"Are you the father of the child?"
"Well, actually, yes."
"What do you mean?"
"The child needs a lot of attention and care."
"I'll take care of it."
September convalescence
The right care and supervision.
District orphanage
"Ask him where the child is."
"Ask him if he has any belongings."
'Tell him it's none of his business. '
Evening
"You're not going to charge money for a baby in your arms, are you?"
FINDERLOWN FOR CHILD 5-year-old boy.
The next morning.
In Dreamland.
Shopping.
The wings are being tested.
Sin creeps in.
Welcome to our city.
The problems begin.
"Enchant him."
Innocence.
You get flabby.
Your chosen one is coming.
Jealousy.
THE LEADER OF DEATH
Directed by VICTOR SJÖSTRÖM Camera:
J. JULIUS JAENZON
Once upon a time there was a poor Salvation Army nurse who was dying.
For a year, she had severe vertigo.
When there was no hope, she went to her mother.
With her was a Salvation Army comrade.
"Don't think of the poor, Sister Edit!
They've done enough for her. '
"Get David Holm!"
"My daughter belonged to you until the end.
Let her die with me now! "
"Don't you hear, Mary?
Get David Holm! "
"Get him now!"
Impossible!
You can't let David Holm be a dying woman! '
'I couldn't find him anywhere.
Gustafsson's going to bring him here. '
"Poor Mrs Holm!"
"I will accompany you home.
Don't let your husband see you here. '
This evening was no ordinary evening.
It was New Year's Eve.
"Here we toast New Year's Eve at the right time!"
"It's scary to celebrate New Year's Eve here with the dead."
"Are the gentlemen afraid of ghosts?"
"Until midnight, I'll tell you a New Year's Eve story."
"I had a good friend called Georges, who was always in a good mood."
"He came from a good family and had studied in Uppsala."
'But on New Year's Eve, he was suddenly changed. '
"Remember, it's New Year's Eve, the last day of the year!"
"Whoever dies today will have to drive the death cart for a year."
"There's an old car..."
"No ordinary carriage driver guides him and he serves a strict lord, death."
"A hundred years on earth is only one day for him.
He is in the service of His Lord day and night. "
End of Part 1 Part 2
"Wherever he goes, pain and suffering meet him."
"Nowhere does he escape his heavy duty."
"The car is not always driven by the same driver."
"The last person to die at midnight on New Year's Eve will be the carriage driver for the following year."
'That's why I'm afraid something will happen to me on New Year's Eve. '
"The strange thing is, Georges died on the same New Year's Eve."
"Why doesn't Gustafsson come with David Holm?"
"Come along, David Holm!
Sister Edit is dying. She wants to see you! "
"Hurry up when Sister Edit calls you!"
"Oh David, that it is you who redeems me!"
"You better get me to the hospital right away!"
"There is no living person in this car.
When I come, any help is too late. "
"You know that it is a dead man who speaks to you."
"And you will have to atone for the consequences of your actions."
"I know it's my fault that you ended up like that."
"Without me, you would have led an honorable life with your family."
"Tomorrow you are free.
But before that, a harsher punishment will hit you! "
"Your brother has murdered in a frenzy and must go to prison!"
"You should have gone to prison instead of your brother, because you made him a murderer!"
"Doesn't that take you off your path?"
"Now I know what it's like to bring so much misery on someone you love!"
"And your wife and children?"
'I know how hard they've had it.
But now I'm starting a new life! '
End of Part 2 Part 3
<unk> wasn't sick when she left. '
"I thought I could come home full of joy!"
"Without warning, she let me into an empty house!
It was heartless! "
"You're going to miss the laughter!
I'm going to show her what it's like when your heart freezes! '
"You searched for your wife all over the country, and your hatred and thirst for revenge grew immensely."
"A year ago, on New Year's Eve, you came to this city - and with you the misfortune."
"That day the Salvation Army opened its new base."
"No, I don't want food, I just want to sleep."
"Leave the jacket!
We don't know how contagious he is. '
"How happy I am to help the first guest whom God has sent here!"
Go to sleep.
I'll do the rest. '
"Jesus Christ, give our guest a Happy New Year!"
She sat over her jacket all night without thinking of contagion.
When she went to bed, the room was completely cold.
"Did you sew my jacket?"
"Get the person who did it!"
"The lady has tried for nothing, I'm used to it differently."
"Please come back next New Year's Eve!"
"I want to know if Jesus Christ answered my New Year's prayer for you."
"Yes, I'm coming back to show that your talk didn't arrive."
"Now keep your promise and go to Sister Edit before you take over my office.
"The most beautiful thing you've had - and lost.
You can't escape your guilty conscience or my office. '
"Prisoner soul, come out of your prison!"
"Your soul is released at midnight.
Now you have to get the souls off the earth! "
End of part 3. Part 4.
"Death! It comes too soon."
'I'm not afraid.
But before I go, I've got to talk to someone. '
"I have caused great mischief.
I can't go before God like that. '
"The man I want to talk to is the man I love!"
"I could give you a reprieve, but you have no power over this man!"
"All your hopes and attempts to change it were disappointed."
"You seduced him and made him a drunkard!"
"Do not let yourself be dragged into ruin!"
- The Salvation Army - Great Welcome Assembly
"Let me save you and I'll watch you do it!"
"What's that?
I'm coughing up my dizziness to people! '
'He's joking.
He's not that evil! '
"How can you live with such bitter hatred for your fellow men?"
'Don't worry.
You'll be rid of me in a couple of days. '
"No, you must not leave!"
"And when time passes even with quarrels."
'Very tempting, but you can't do that. '
"I travel all over Sweden to look for someone I absolutely have to find."
"Who is this person?"
"You'll find out when I find them!"
"I am the person David Holm is looking for."
'I'm his wife. '
Life with him was unbearable.
I left him secretly with the kids. "
"I thought he wasn't looking for me here, so far away from where we used to live."
"Take him with you!
"Think about it and let's talk again soon."
She had worked her way through and demanded nothing for herself.
"Come with us!
A surprise is waiting for you! "
End part 4. Part 5.
She wanted to replant what she had sown between thorns.
She nearly reached her goal...
The doctor says she has pneumonia.
Their resistance is exhausted. "
"David Holm was her undoing.
She's constantly worried about him and his wife. '
"Leave the children alone so they don't get infected."
"This time you couldn't run away!"
"When will you stop taking revenge, David?"
"If only I hadn't brought them back together!
Then his guilt would not be so great! "
"I can't die yet!
First I have to see how he has changed! "
"Today I love him more than ever!"
"Prisoner soul, come out of your prison!"
'Let's go.
Those who will take care of them will come soon. "
"David, I want to give people a New Year's message."
"Let them remember this message:
'God, let my soul ripen before the harvest! '
"Why are we here?
"I can't stand it any longer!"
"It is a sin, but I cannot leave you behind."
'Don't be angry with me.
It's not my fault. '
"You'll see that it's enough for the three of us, David!"
"Yes, I see it.
It's my duty to watch. '
"The poor creatures must not die!
Don't do that to me! '
"I have no power over the living."
"Shall I pray to God or to Jesus?
Who has the power? Where should I turn? "
"Oh, I poor sinner!
I pray to you, Lord of life and death!
I have violated your commandments. "
"Do with me what you want.
But spare my wife and children! "
"Now I don't have to worry about you anymore."
I arrived just in time! "
I promised her I'd be good to you. '
Mary said that you didn't come! "
'No one believes me that I'm trying to improve.
How can I not cry? "
"If you cry, David, I believe you."
"It's only when I've cried out all the grief that I'm happy."
"God, let my soul ripen before the harvest!"
End
Fighting Hearts (The Four for the Woman)
During a break from the stockbrokers.
That's the broker Yquem.
He has the most beautiful wife you can imagine.
Shall I call my Lord and announce to him that gracious woman...
No!
I want to surprise him!
Good job, isn't it?
No doubt about it:
A successful imitation!
Today you can close!
Hey!
What do you want here?
If only you had a few marks for me!
I am in desperate need!
Werner Krafft?
Hmm...
Do you know a certain William Krafft?
William Krafft is my brother's name!
He used to live in the City Hotel...
I haven't seen him in five years...
I had to leave Europe because...
I will be very happy to support William Krafft's brother.
The Brilliant Exchange.
For Florence.
You know what, Krafft?
Her brother Werner was here.
I lent him money, William, because... because I thought...
I absolutely need a ring that looks just like this one tonight!
His name is Krafft.
To the City Hotel
Mr. Yquem closed the bureau a little earlier today, most graciously.
No, madam, the merciful Lord is not yet back.
It is a woman named Florence Forster.
She disappeared four years ago.
Nothing is known about her whereabouts.
The City Hotel
How sad is the day that I will pass it away from you!
Margot, a friend of Florence.
Let me have a souper à deux tonight...
Turtle soup?
Baked oysters?
No.
Pâté de foie gras en croûte.
With white port vintage 1864, then roast beef with Coeur d'artichauts, mushrooms, sauce rémoulade.
Furthermore, a rather fiery Chambertin vintage 1911...
I don't want dessert, but cheese... baked, and Heidsieck "goût américain."
Mr Krafft has just left.
Anyway, I need a room..
It is customary for us that guests without luggage pay for their room in advance.
That's what old Upton sends you.
In the meantime, you can wait here for Mr Krafft.
How well you do, mon petit.
But what's the point of all this if your husband is constantly travelling?
However, a beautiful woman does not necessarily have to be faithful to her husband!
Mr. Krafft left the hotel about an hour ago, but at 10 a.m. he ordered dinner for two.
I love my husband more than anything, Margot.
But before you got married, didn't you love another man?
There was a lot of talk about it at the time, but no one knew exactly who the person was.
Back then, I didn't love my husband the way I love him now.
My heart belonged to someone else.
And when my father, against my will, chose Harry to be my husband...
I must speak to Miss Florence again at all costs!
There is no point in telling you the name of my future husband!
It would be futile to fight against my father's will.
Let's go upstairs and see if Florence has recovered from her migraine.
She's not alone!
And then?
And then?
But now you have made me curious with your story, and I am curious to hear what happened next!
Is Mr Yquem at home?
Then please report me to his wife.
That is very interesting, very interesting!
And your husband never found out what actually happened?
I don't understand you, Florence!
Why did you turn this visitor away? I'm not like this:
Only yesterday I met a gentleman in the City Hotel, and today...
And your husband, Margot?
My husband... my husband takes care of his business... like yours!
What's wrong with you?
You look like a hunter lying in wait...
You're right, and there's the game I'm waiting for.
Let me tell you: on the evening of my engagement to Florence, something mysterious happened...
Florence had withdrawn on the grounds that she was suffering from a migraine; her father and I, worried about her condition, climbed up to her room.
Tell me the truth, Florence:
Do you love this man?
I can't imagine Florence cheating on me, but the memory of that evening won't go out of my mind!
Go to Tiergartenstr. 245, Villa Yquem.
You won't get it back until you pick it up with your own lips!
The Bible says, Let not your left hand know what your right hand is doing.
I have to find out the whole truth, no matter what!
But I must finally have certainty!
Bring me a neutral envelope!
I do not have a red light and I would like to ask you to advance me a small amount.
I don't remember dating another one!
Then at least allow me to wait here for my brother!
Trust me, he will pay for this, the scoundrel!
I need a power cab in five minutes.
I am pleased to see, my dearest, that you feel quite comfortable without my company.
I will therefore no longer stand in the way of your pleasure...
How long does it take to drive from here to Tiergartenstr. 245?
You are making a big mistake, Mr Yquem, if you neglect your wife so much!
Consul, master is not coming.
Once again, we must be alone!
Once and for all, the Lady does not wish to receive you.
That should be enough to change their minds!
Let him in.
Do what you think is right.
You have your destiny in your own hands!
You can reveal to the world whatever you want, but you will never make me break the fidelity I have sworn to my husband!
I apologise, but your extraordinary resemblance to an old friend...
Then this letter was also addressed to my brother Werner!
This is indeed my writing, but I have never written such a letter!
Do you know anything about what happened to your brother?
I beg you, my lady, spare me any questions about my brother.
He will have perished in one of the countries where he roamed!
I know where Yquem lives;
He has a very beautiful wife.
A gentleman Krafft is visiting the gracious woman.
Pack the suitcases of the merciful.
She will leave the house tonight.
You are mistaken, Mr Yquem.
Locked up!
My poor friend!
I knew about all this and I have come to raise you up in this hour of destiny!
That's how all women are!
Forget them forever!
No, I will never forget Florence!
I have come to warn them, my Lord.
Your wife is in great danger!
Florence?
!
Florence is here?
Your wife does not wish reconciliation with the offender of her honour, and will leave this house under my protection!
Indeed, Commissioner.
As soon as I noticed the exchange of my ring, I rushed here to file a complaint.
But... in my opinion, only one person can have made the switch, namely that elegant Mr Krafft.
Mr. Krafft recently drove the automobile to Tiergartenstr. 245.
No officers in uniform!
All in plain clothes!
This is my brother, but he never told me anything about this matter!
Forgive me, Florence.
All my life and all my work is yours!
My only thought is you!
Florence, I well know that it is neither worthy of me nor of you to ask you such a question, but have pity on me poor fool:
What happened on the day of our engagement?
I do not want the shadow of suspicion to rest upon you!
I will take all the blame!
So this is where you hang out, boy?
Don't you want to say good evening to an old acquaintance like me?
We have caught the thief, but who is the murderer of the dead man lying outside?
He is innocent!
He killed him to protect my honor!
This ruby belongs to the jewel collection stolen from the Duke of Axminster.
How did it come into your possession?
On what day was the theft committed?
If so, I can prove my husband's innocence.
I can teach him an alibi, using my diary, which I keep in the conservatory.
Werner!
Praise be to God who has brought you here!
Now you can testify that I told my husband the truth!
My guilty conscience crushes me!
If you were to leave me, I would not deserve anything better!
I love you, Harry, and I will wait faithfully for you until your guilt is atoned for, just as I have been faithful to you until now!
THE END
Czechoslovak Television Bratislava and the Slovak Film Institute present the film Reconstruction Jánošík 21
Dramaturge:
Editing:
Music:
Sound collaboration:
Producer:
Directed by:
The silent film Jánošík was shot in two versions.
One was shown in Czechoslovakia, the other in the United States.
This reconstruction is based on the second version, donated by John Závodný to the Slovak Film Institute in 1970.
Produced by Czechoslovak Television in Bratislava The main editor of film programs 1975
TATRA FILM. CORP.
S dedicates the historical film
Jánošík
For the film:
The film was directed by:
Art Director:
Photography:
Architect:
Equipment:
Playing:
Greetings, sheep farmer!
God bless you, welcome and rest.
I swear they're a bloke, like Jánošík.
Like.
What's that?
Like who?
Like Jánošík, who lived here before...!
He had little idea what to expect at home when he came home to visit his parents after two years of torment and learning.
Too much work!
Praised be...!
The long journey has exhausted me.
Would they give me a little water.
For good.
Cheers.
A this is our neighbour Anka.
Yes - Anièka!
Pišta. The gentleman of the shop.
It was two years ago!
Not so fast - the kiss still burns - the mustache was burned.
Don't go yet.
Oho!
Just through the cloth.
Familiar excuses.
The friend and protector of Jánošík.
I haven't seen my father or my mother yet, how are they doing?
Are they healthy?
Dear Father, where is Mother?
Mother, Mother!
Old Jánošík was out of work again!
My wife is dead!
She wasn't going to jump out of the chest when you were in the fron.
Fifty stocks!
Get Jánošík, they beat his father!
Do they have a certain, they, they...!
Good thing the monk is here, they save for the funeral!
- And they beat him so that he died that day.
In the village.
Into the bondage!
Into the bondage!
Think about it, listen to me and you'll never have to go into slavery again!
Haunted by the henchman, Jánošík hid in a cave.
My mother, my mother, behind two mountains, my head hurts when I cry for her.
Praise be to him.
Thank you, Anka!
Never!
Don't go!
I thought there was no one here who was going to take care of my parents' graves.
But you -
Anka, you angel.
No, Anka, I'm not going to be a priest.
The cursed reign is hindering my path.
Now you will not escape me!
We will catch him and get the reward of a hundred ducats.
The uncalled witness.
I swear they're wrong sometimes, sir.
I am not a priest yet and I will never be one.
This dog and Šándor robbed me of everything and cast me out like an animal!
Is it you, Jánošík of Terchová
Are you really?
Welcome!
I am Hrajnoha, the captain of the Forestry Brotherhood.
And we almost forgot that
Penalty
Yes, up the grove, down the grove, up the grove is a way, my father is good, and I must be a robber.
Guys!
Here.
- Jánošík - new friend, become our captain.
Long live Jánošík!
Long live the new captain!
I was supposed to be a priest but the devil changed my plans.
Do you want me to be your new captain?
Well, I suppose.
I promise that I will be your righteous guide!
And as before, I will protect my subjects.
I'm going to help him, with money or otherwise.
Our will - Our power.
That all our work serves the welfare of the people.
Serving masters take everything from us - property, freedom, life - we will not spare them!
But we will not murder, do not forget!
Death does not change anyone.
Long live Jánošík!
Long live the new captain!
The walls of the Count Šándor preserve the silent witnesses of the nobleman's luxuriant life.
There are many kinds of noblemen.
The Hungarian is a nobleman.
In the neighboring dominion.
They're going on a visit.
His nobility
- Baron Révay.
What a surprise.
His nobility, will they pay your debt?
Oh yes!
Yes, I have just paid my bills.
How many more times do I have to remind them of the 5000 gold pieces?
Ch will expose them.
That's what they got from the old?
That's a wine!
Now they're going to sell me a barrel?
How to sell?
I will give it to them.
But, you don't have to make such an effort, I'll buy it.
Believe me, on the honor of the nobleman, if the harvest were in the barn, I would pay right back, but so, where to take?
Now what about the peasants?
Could they repay their debt?
How should I understand it?
How? Very simple!
Every farmer should pay 50 pennies, if he does not have, he should give goods!
The Jew buys it, and they have the money in their hands.
So my brother, arrange for the coachman not to string the horses, I will stay until tomorrow.
It is announced that your lord Count Šándor ordered his subjects to give 50 pennies today!
If you don't have the money, you should pay the tax.
Whoever resists should be stoned and thrown into the dungeon!
Give me the pots back!
You're supposed to give up the tax and I don't have anything.
Dan couldn't pay them to work.
And what the hell am I going to do about it?
In a moment.
But that's cheap.
Numbers?
For the tax I come myself in the afternoon.
Her advice has been brilliant.
And we're quits.
Follow my advice next time, too.
Friends! I have to go to the village.
And you Hrajnoha, take Baron Révay!
For the subjects there is no rest on Sundays.
Van will keep his word.
The daughter has no one here, right?
Thou shalt not labour any more in this booth, I came for thee, thou comest to the castle with me.
Do be smart, you'll be better off in the castle.
O thou shy narrower deer, be not defiant, and forget this robber quickly.
And this robber is here!
So here's the nest of the robbers, what?
But you will not escape us!
You coward!
So you will feel this coward!
Under the roof of the paternal protector.
Father, help me, save Anka from Šándor.
Son of what path are you on.
O Father, they do not judge me, they understand my poor soul, the tormented people!
Oh pity!
Become the father of my Anka!
Jánošík took care of the poor subjects, he helped them through the Terchová pastor and other secret friends.
In the evening at the parish.
What the Šándor henchmen took, you can't give back.
But here, Jánošík send you a pair of ducats.
The conference at the Lord's.
Now the Hungarian master is not the master of his peasants?
Should he tolerate the robbers telling us what to do and what not to do?
Now, do you know what happened on the last Graffs Ball?
Before midnight... when the pleasure was at its peak...
They take the subject, I take you.
And every sin is punished!
You beat my father to death!
You robbed him of everything!
Remember you will not escape my vengeance!
Well, and we should tolerate that!
That's not order!
I assure you my masters, that I will purge the robber from their graves.
Here Mr Commisaar... I will provide them with the army.
The trap is set.
And the mistress is hiding in the parish?
Where did the mistress hide?
And you stupid old man you give the robbers money to the peasants, what?
The Lord will drive you from the parish!
I've reconciled myself with everything.
Well, old man, don't you have wine for the guest?
Yes, Granny!
No robber fell in love with you, what?
What brought them here, how shall I serve them?
I came for confession.
But now you will confess to me!
Does the robber come here often?
He's not coming.
Why don't you get the girl?
Why?
Why?
So she can tell us where the robber is!
I don't know!
You too know where he is!
Say it, you old fool!
You don't know!
Stupid!
Jánošík!
Lord help us the soldiers!
Gone!
Gone!
Saw it Michal, saw it!
Until the house shakes.
In the meantime to the Meirhof.
Watch out, guys!
Pull out the guns, get ready and go after me!
No!
Jánošík, we cannot lose you!
I'm going first!
In the hands of the Lord, Jánošík surrenders to you!
Eternal peace.
- The verdict...
Since the accused and his companions, who have already been punished, have been guilty of crimes involving many, he has cheated, robbed and murdered, therefore he is sentenced to death!
That the verdict becomes an example for all others, Jánošík is sentenced to this guilty verdict:
You shall be hanged alive on your left thigh, and after death you shall divide four. Judgment shall be executed without delay.
And so ends Jánošík, the first fighter for the freedom of the Slovak people.
Thank you.
Farewell!
THE END
Leave!
Enough!
I don't want to hear any more!
It disgusts me, horrifies me!
And yet... I, who conceived it, hatched it in nights, in nights... ah!
You have no idea!
It's a game to you, spicing up what life has to offer you.
But me!
A thirsty one!
One, close to fainting... scorned, hounded, tormented by torments that...
Ah! Devil, what gave me with this grimace and hump such a feeling, such greed... oh, please, quiet!
The keepers of the order are up and full of ambition.
Behind the doors lurk, bribed, the servants,
- there are minions in the gardens.
- You exaggerate, my friend.
There are too many scruples out there.
The fact that we are not content with peasant maidens and maidens, shopkeepers "daughters and maidens of joy, that we choose the finest and most beautiful, is a sign of our taste.
What was the slogan you gave us a few weeks ago?
"Beauty be the prey of the strong."
"All the splendor of the earth succumb to the power of the Spirit,"
"" and the conquering glory shine brighter ""
"" and penetrate deeper, more reverently into the souls ""
"" than that radiance that only blinds the eye. ""
- Very true!
- That's how you spoke.
- And since then...
- What you created, you report.
Flee us ourselves!
None of those secret feasts greeted you!
Because a couple of dads wring hands and a couple of mothers sob heartbroken!
Just don't think that the beautiful ones themselves are angry with us.
Yesterday Alissa, the little Jew, what an eye she made!
And the lovely daughter of the poet's biparetto, indeed, she was delightful!
Let us take them from the arms of our dearest, who are burdened by everyday life!
The husband, inexperienced in the arts of love, does not weep tears of incomprehension!
From narrow rooms to wide mystical spaces...
All fairy tales come to life, all dreams of secret nights...
Dreams of the morning, they come true!
What no one confesses and longs for, suddenly became a reality!
Quite right, quite right... It is persuasive.
But on one point, forgive me, I'm not quite right.
You always speak only of yourselves, of you who are good-looking and gifted with grace, and forget me, the cripple.
Come to the feasts as you desire, he will denatured you... and instead of lust, the horror will enter.
You overestimate, my friend, so it seems to me, the beauty of women.
There were spring nights.
With the windows open, it dances in.
All sultry magic, floral smell, heavy and numbing.
And I had to leave, shaken by fever, out into lonely alleys.
And was looking for a harlot, a depraved one.
Told her, offered her gold, much gold, and yet felt like the beggar who was asking for alms.
In the light of the lantern, she looks at my poor figure with a look... a smile...
so shameful that the blood ran in my veins.
The gold worked!
On makeup lips, his glow mirrors all my misery.
Unflattering words promised guarantee, but I lacked the strength to spank myself and desecrate Lenznacht.
My Lord, the notary.
- Man, Alviano...
- You are able to...
What is the notary?
Don't worry.
I ask him to be patient for a short time.
What's the point?
What are you going to do?
I forgot to trust you.
My island Elysium, with all its buildings, water features, and ornate gardens, with all its incredible wonders of art and the treasures of free nature,
I gave it to the city as a gift for all time.
You're out of your mind!
Don't know what you're doing!
The work of your life!
You spent half your fortune on it, wasting it carelessly...
Tomorrow evening, after dusk, in the presence of the high senate and the podium, with great pomp
I give it to all the people.
Gentlemen, you are invited.
Yes, but man, do you forget all about it?
You deliver us!
Access to the underground hall... If you are afraid of discovery, avoid it in the future.
But forgive me now.
The gentlemen of the Council I expect, and with the notary, it still falls to me to determine the donation text and paragraph.
Hello!
Vitelozzo!
- I am late.
- We'll notice!
- And out of breath!
Friends...
What's there?
I'm stunned!
Sancta Maria, what happened?
- Taken...
Oh God!
Unbelievable!
... of so much beauty!
Oh!
- I thought so!
A woman!
- of course!
No!
- A goddess.
- An angel.
- A flower.
We know that.
- I beg you, be silent!
Where did you see the beauty?
I rode past the Municipium, where fathers in golden carts drove to some kind of restaurant or festival in the city.
If not... what do you mean... ln one of them, listen...
My greetings, Signori, and thanks for appreciating my simple house for visiting such illustrious guests.
Your simple house?
O noble Signor Salvago, you are too modest.
The splendour of the rooms we walked through truly has no equal in Genoa.
Your praise gives me pleasure.
But let me tell you:
Here, my friends, blossom Genoa's knighthood, you read the names of illustrious sexes from their foreheads.
And here is my only child: my beloved daughter Carlotta.
I'm afraid, Signor, you may find them all too free.
She disregards, much to my chagrin, society's norms.
Awareness of your generosity and a very special request that she asks of you... I warmly welcome you and if I were allowed to fulfill the desire of Signorina, I would be happy!
But now, as you please, we, delegated by the high senate,
Bring to you thanks and joyful amazement of the high assembly.
Your letter yesterday announces to us a gift, so great and significant, so unexpected and rare in these times.
It is hard for the citizen to keep his meager possessions.
Under his hands the gold, painstakingly acquired, melts away, and taxes and burdens are still increasing.
We wore it, patiently mostly and rarely grumbling, because as a refuge for our family, holiness and faith in the Madonna remained.
But then it breaks into the herd like a wolf, robs us of women, brazenly steals our daughters, and powerless, helpless...
But forgive, O Lord, to complain to you of our cares is certainly not the purpose of our mission.
The first ray of light after fearful days, thank you!
The island's happy name, we take it as a good omen.
Do you remember, Signorina, a rider this morning, dess' black shied away at the sight of the golden carts.
The Duke Antonio Adorno... the right of objection...
We are dependent...
What can he do about it...
The rider, however, looked into two flashing eyes, forgot about it, confused, blinded, restrained the horse and almost worshipped the beautiful woman with an involuntary fall, so that was you?
- I had a lot of fun.
You are cruel.
And if now, fallen off a horse, broken arm or leg... is it not worth a look in my eyes?
I would gladly give my life for you, but...
And what if that's what I want?
You are so great, so powerful and strong, so high above me... I have to stretch out, see, just look you in the eyes of victory.
And I would like to see you small and low and poor, deep beneath me, reach my feet...
The dead are poor.
But dead and dumb.
And I love the soul that struggles and torments itself, sacrifices itself and suffers for Minnelohn.
Once you've died, what's the use of my love?
You are the devil's virgin!
The answer... I want to consider it
and give it to you tomorrow.
Hold on, Vitelozzo!
What are you doing?
- Listen to this!
- We are in danger!
He delivers us from these lousy citizens!
- The entrance to the underground hall!
- At the Madonna,
- We have to stop it!
- so let me!
Talk to Adorno!
Do whatever you want, leave me out of the game.
- But you... a word!
- I know nothing, I want nothing, I am in love, I love...
Do you hear?
The plague in you!
That's the way it goes, you're going to miss a day.
The Senate first seeks the Duke's approval.
And tonight you are my dear guest.
Like mine now.
I ask the noble guests not to disdain my invitation, a simple meal.
Signorina, your arm!
You are delicious,
- Signor Alviano, no really...
- So you are better?
I was terrified, you suddenly touch your heart
- and turned pale... - Oh, child's head, I feel like a fish in water.
But doesn't my father tell you anything about a request?
Yes, really.
You forget such important things so quickly?
- No, but...
- Well, look... in front of so many people, it wouldn't have gone!
And since all my blinking, furtive waving, my asking if you didn't have a painting, a rare sculpture, in your possession, didn't help me, I fell for it...
You have to think of me as a fool, unworldly, stupid and silly.
But seldom do I blossom in contact with beautiful women... So it's that... do you understand?
I understand.
But listen now.
I paint.
Yes, indeed, do not look so surprised.
I paint pictures.
Animals and people, trees and lakes... the sky, the light... but I prefer to paint souls.
And can you?
I mean, can you paint souls?
I don't know if I can do it, and if I can't do it, I don't think it's always up to me.
It's so hard to find the models.
Just once, it seemed to work.
The picture was so miraculously fine.
Just an ugly shadow between chin and mouth...
Look, there... and however I pondered and struggled, he kept coming back.
Already I believe him away and forever spellbound, there, unexpectedly, treacherous creeps out of the brushes
I gave up the picture.
I haven't tried anything for a long time.
But to you...
I would like to paint you.
Me?
All devils, are you mad?
Quite right!
That's the way it should be.
If I thought you would take me seriously, you would be different from the others, the serpents with gentle faces, with luring eyes and hearts like devils.
But that's what I saw: the same look.
For God's sake, remember!
Perhaps as a fool in a painting among beautiful gentlemen and women, effective as contrast, with a cap and bells, the hump did not fit badly to the ridicule of the people, immortalized for all time!
Now be silent!
Don't forget you're talking to a lady.
You're wrong.
Hear me out!
Where the city becomes wide and the view opens up to the Campagna,
I have a little house as a workshop.
Early in the morning, when lonely and empty still the alleys and places, the pale light of the early morning plays faint and mild around the canvas,
It's the right time for me to go to work.
There is a path past my cottage, lined with tall cypress trees.
You probably know him.
You walk it often
shy and bent down, lost in thought...
Suddenly looking suspiciously at the windows whose curtains the scout was hiding.
But you did not see them.
Then rose, purple glowing, veil shining in a thousand colors, glowing mists, like ghostly heralds, drew near to her, announcing: the sun...
And a second miracle happened:
I saw the poor little man raise his head.
Each muscle tensed tightly in the thin body.
Arms raised, spread high to heaven.
So he stepped into the glass, towards the sun.
And I saw him grow taller and taller.
My heart was pounding.
That's how I painted you, Signor Alviano.
This is how I painted your figure:
walking towards the sun.
But I still lack the face, and I still lack the drunken eye,
in which all the beauty is reflected.
I'm ashamed... I don't know... forgive me... I've never felt this bad in my life!
Do you want me to finish the painting in my workshop?
I want to come.
He plays with us like a cat with a mouse.
He has become too powerful, the High Lord!
His last victory over Branciforte went to his head.
He was spoiled by the people.
- after all, it owes him thanks.
- It pays him.
A noble mercenary, nothing more.
- What is the situation?
- He did not speak out.
Not for and against.
On the one hand it is gratifying for Genoa's people, on the other hand the nobility must regret if a valuable piece of land is lost to them.
His heart speaks for the people, resolutely in his favour.
Equity, however, and considerate of his friends, would require him to be careful; he would have to consider it and consult with himself and similar phrases.
He is very jealous of the gift.
The whole story is disgusting to him.
The man of the day is Alviano Salvago!
The whole city praises his name.
My daughter Carlotta, not easy to conquer, often spoke of him, unaware of his nature.
Now he's won it in a storm.
May Duke Adorno beware!
May he beware, Duke Adorno!
Did you hear it?
- The mood is bad.
- Are you worried about the pack?
You spoke differently yesterday.
Yes, yesterday...
Don't remind me!
Do you talk to your friend like that?
Sorry.
But isn't it enough that I despise myself?
Shall your ridicule heal my wound, and laugh at my friends to madness?
What about you, Tamare?
I don't recognise you.
The most brilliant gentleman of my court, honored like no other,
loved, idolised by women, always in a mood for the greatest pranks.
There are people who see only light, and the darkness is alien to them.
That's who I was.
Life seemed to me a fountain of joy from which I drank with thirsty ease, carefree, without reflection.
When I put out my hand, I held the rose, sucked its fragrance, and tore the blossom.
If I let myself fall, I fell on moss, the thorns and sharp stones shunned me.
When a friend complained of sorrow and pain, I heard him, but did not understand him.
And now all of a sudden I have experienced all the torment of hell, humiliation and shame.
Explain yourself clearly.
Wonderful and beautiful as the day, but uneven to me...
- a bourgeois child.
Well, yes.
And what next?
When I first spoke to her, I don't think I understood her very well.
She demanded a sacrifice as a pledge of my love.
But what she coveted...
Unrhyming stuff, madness born of the moment, I struggle to fathom, to interpret according to rules of courtly custom.
After one night, awake in battle, I believe I found it, and swung on a horse, free and proud as a god, with noble feelings in my chest.
And rode through the city, sunk in dreams, I formed the advertisement and saw the beautiful blushing, stunned and moved by the high honor!
A Count Andrae Vitelozzo Tamare captures heart and hand...
You are truly crazy.
Be patient, Duke!
When I stepped in front of them, like the first time, I was already hesitant.
Her strange look, her cool smile puzzled me.
Yet, in order to salvage my meek heart, I made myself proud, haughty and rough, talking of the sacrifice I would make her, worse than self-mutilation and death...
And since I happily got her "no," I completely lost the last remnant of reflection:
Throw me down to her feet, of all my goods and rich treasures I stammer wildly confused words.
I beg your forgiveness and mercy!
Tamare, get a grip.
Listen, Vitelozzo?
Who is this woman?
The Podesta's daughter, Carlotta.
Ah!
A great painter once gave me her name as that of a rare talent.
I would warn you, for some reason, if I did not know how vain such actions are, and how much the warner hates him who loves unhappily.
So I'd rather help you than guess.
Ah, if you could... I'll advertise for you.
You don't know this woman.
But I know the women.
So I hope for you.
But promise me one thing:
If the message is bad, and I come back empty-handed, do not be angry with you and me, be strong, do not despair, throw it behind you and forget this woman.
Listen, Duke, I want to forget them.
I want to forget them.
But only until she became mine.
Till the breath of her mouth be drunk in me, until those hands are soaked with the scent of her hair, until this woman, if she be not my wife, become my harlot.
That would be bad blood.
We are bound by law and law like all the others.
Don't forget that.
My friends sent me to ask you:
You may prevent Alviano's Island from "Elysium" "
- Go into town.
- All devils, what does Salvago have to do with your wicked pranks?
Magnificent subterranean rooms, specially created for love parties,
opens up an artificial cave on that island.
When you enter the cave, your eye glitters with a blue glow.
Heavy scents confuse your senses, the flames of reddish twitching lure you, distant music and quiet songs make you deeper and deeper.
Over an abyss a narrow path leads to the entrance of the cave, dense rose enclosures hide it from your gaze.
But if you discover the secret of the grotto, we are lost.
And does Salvago know what you're doing?
Salvago, haha!
A game of nature, if you like, a strange mood.
Genoa's ugliest man is the creator of the adventure,
of this realized idea of beauty.
And he himself...
He keeps himself away.
He must have regretted it.
But I don't understand it.
The light of the torches gilds everything.
In the orgy, the ugly gets beautiful and the beautiful gets ugly.
The opposites disappear in a frenzy!
And this fool Salvago, after he bred on his ground swamp blossoms of vice, poison herb of sin... he gives him up, and himself, and you?
He warned us.
Yet did not consider how hard to contain passion, once unleashed.
This is my curse: your inordinacy.
Your wild fervor urges me to do deeds that I condemn!
I want to save what can be saved.
What I promised you, I will keep, because your love separates you from the circle of criminals and because we have been friends since we were young.
But beware, Vitelozzo, you are warned against violence.
Salvago may put a stop to his donation urge for a long time.
He will submit, the people's happiness, or woe to him and woe to you all!
Our time is full of strange things.
I knew a woman, she learned to paint like me at school, she painted hands.
Fine, slim, with delicate blue veins, coarse, bony male fists,
The ringed hand of a woman, lush and tender, with nails, pointed and rosy, flashing like drops of pale blood.
One hand I saw, clawing tightly into blossoming flesh, and another, plucking with gentle fingers out of green bushes, stretched out a rice.
But the strange thing was a picture:
One hand, pale and wax like a dead man's, with very long, dry fingers,
held a little cramped, what you did not see.
Only a faint purple glow seeped through the spooky fingers, but this appearance was like silent lament,
like oppressed, whining, and like a cry, restrained and deathly distressed,
like a restrained cry for redemption...
But the meaning of the image?
The poorest has probably never felt what inspires the artist to great deeds:
of love happiness, or longing for such.
She probably had a secret fear that she might encounter a mighty event on her way to life, some enchanting spell, to which she succumbed.
How strange, fear of happiness?
The driving force of this poor life was greed for fame, and the source from which it drew was suffering.
Not mentally, a physical affliction.
Your hand, Signorina, is not as calm as your voice, do you want to paint...
No, no!
You're wrong!
My hand is quite steady, and the story is about to end.
My friend has had a heart condition since she was a teenager.
That's what you want to hit too hard, and sometimes you felt like "a hand, a hard, unforgiving hand, reaching for the jerking thing and cramping it up, terrible and woe,
that it might come to rest!
She has this hand, this cruel hand,
and has painted her pain.
And though you deny that you are moved, it was close to you?
She was dear to me...
So she died?
I think she's still alive.
And tell me from your youth, or why you are so gloomy and in such a bad mood today... or why your gaze so fearfully flees mine!
What have I done wrong, are you angry with me?
Signorina Carlotta, if this is only a game, what you are doing, desire to dance or even worse, you are, despite your sweet face and your voice, which sounds like a message from heaven, a devil!
Why should I, who am good to you, be as corrupt and bad as you describe me?
I ask you for everything, just don't be angry with me!
Just be patient with me!
I don't understand, it's like a dream and I'm afraid...
Ah, fear not!
You are a man and so without any belief in yourself.
Is it so unthinkable that a woman would find herself in warm affection, in friendship?
Haha!
The old story!
But the way you look, with eyes whose lights alone promise...
And when your mouth smiles, it seems to me as if there is nothing on earth that means "friendship," as if this word, this miserable consolation word, were an absurdity, a lie and a disgrace!
And if it were more...
I'm not saying it is...
Shouldn't in this vast world, among millions of beating hearts, find one that strove towards you in love?
Me... me who hates himself, who flees, who banishes the mirrors from the rooms he inhabits!
Fool that you are!
And who, like hardly a second, clings to what escapes as quickly as a May day:
the little beauty that leaves us women when the first furrow appears in the face!
As soon as we are aware of the spring, the fruits of the blossom.
The leaves wither and fall off.
And that would be the only thing?
On sunny days, you never went out, depressed and sad, but you knew why.
And the most glorious man, the most blossoming tree, did not escape your anxiety.
And another time, on rainy days, never made you warm and happy, yes, happy, a lonely old man, wrinkled and ugly, who walked along the way and looked at you with sunken eyes?
But what if on a bright day, in a bed full of beautiful flowers, you find some hideous beast that spoils your mood?
I only notice one thing:
You dodge me, as you used to, with glances, now in words.
But I have to tell you.
Carlotta, consider... you should know
That I love you.
Carlotta!
For God's sake, Signor, what eyes do you make.
There you have my hands and kiss them quickly!
But let me get to work.
I need your eyes for my image.
That's fine by me.
Carlotta!
Beloved!
I beg you, do not speak
and only look at me so fully and lower your gaze deep into mine and think of many beautiful things that I am your sun, which scare away all dark things from your life with radiant light.
For God's sake, Carlotta, I have to be at your feet.
I'm so unspeakably, so incredibly happy.
I beg you to stay.
And just look at me and remember that you will no longer be lonely and unloved despite your ugliness.
See how calmly I say it, the word that tormented you for so long.
Now it's over.
Because it's a word... and a term...
Nothing more.
But you must be good to me, Alviano, and tender, my dear!
Because I am a very frail toy.
Carlotta!
Well, now it's done.
But now come and support me.
I'm exhausted, but you have to...
For all the blessings...
Beloved, what is yours?
You sweet, you poor...
Beautiful!
You gave me life again, faith in God and humanity.
I want everything I have to consecrate to you.
I want to spread myself under your feet.
I want infinitely good and I want to be tender to you.
Mistress!
The Duke Adorno!
The Duke, what can he possibly want?
I ask him to wait.
I've been hearing voices everywhere since yesterday.
In the air singing and murmuring in the bush...
Earlier, Carlotta's silver laugh, but that was probably deception.
Oh, Lord, how I have been transformed and happy since you first entered my house!
How is your daughter, now my wife, so unspeakably glorious, so mild and beautiful, so full of deep goodness.
But you are silent.
What about you, Podesta?
I'm confused and blinded.
What you just showed me, it is so unbelievable, that a single human brain was able to figure out this realm of magic!
A lot of people helped me.
The artists worked.
I just gave the longing.
- But where is Carlotta?
- Come on, let's look for them.
Didn't you hear?
They are looking for you, Donna Carlotta, and you are hiding, fleeing back into the shadows.
Oh, don't think bad of me, Duke, I don't even know what's wrong with me.
When I gave you my "no" yesterday for Count Vitelozzo, I felt big and strong and strong and happy.
And yet, since I finished the picture you liked so much,
the image of Alviano,
I feel like there's a little bit of a limp inside, as if my love wasn't the same anymore.
Not poorer, understand me.
But as if he had now given me his everything, his supreme, and I had nothing left to expect... nothing at all.
And then... but I don't know if a woman feels ambivalent about your participation and doesn't make you laugh, Duke?
I beg you, trust me, how are you real and true,
Signorina!
I entered this island in secret fear.
As if I had drunk wine, heavy and mixed with bewitching herbs or that strange potion, brewed from the heart of a lovely virgin!
It is bound to the beauty of terrible magic, half hidden from the senses, and now unleashed, abandoned to the day, and lustful glances like a glorious woman's limbs, shamefacedly veiled in the years of longing, suddenly lolling in nakedness,
Unfolding a thousand charms in front of the loving young man's drunk eye!
O Duke, who knows life, and women, you have sinned against Alviano, but even more against himself, than now, as I saw him, here, with my father, in all this splendor,
which he created with his spirit blazing power, as I saw him, the poor man, who himself has torn the benevolent veils in which pity envelops us, and the strange power that tames the senses, a word came to mind which the donkey spoke in his only happy hour:
"" But if, on a bright day, ""
"" in a bed full of beautiful flowers, ""
"" Find some hideous beast... ""
- To God, Virgin...
- Let me, Duke!
Calm down, the only happy hour, you said it yourself, he owes it to you.
This may comfort you.
You shall not comfort me.
I don't want mercy.
Torment and hatred are what I deserve, despair and death!
So hear one last one.
He was not worthy and worthy of your love.
He is not the noble one you think he is.
He is obsessed with evil desires, and still today he is afflicted by... nothing wants to hear.
You want to slander him, but he is good and great and exalted, and I am wretched, rejected and evil.
I hate myself and the world and you.
Only the night... this night I love and its shadows.
So, God bless you.
Come on, I'm going to take you to your father.
Go, go!
But let me!
Ah, what a night!
What a blazing summer night!
I want to crawl deep into her blackish light, dive deep into her shining darkness!
With stars I dance the summer night dance. But with goblins I sleep in the bush.
Ah, what a night!
What a blazing summer night!
Ah, what a night!
What a blazing summer night!
With stars I dance the summer night dance. But with goblins I sleep in the bush.
Ah, what a night!
What a blazing summer night!
Where is she, my bride?
Did nobody see Carlotta?
What are you fleeing from me?
No, I'm not running away from you.
So do you know me?
Don't know who you are.
But if it were someone who loved you, most beautiful?
You love me?
It's good.
But let me look through your mask, whether your eyes are bright or cloudy.
Are you Alviano?
No, you're not.
Beautiful of form, a handsome lad.
O most beautiful Carlotta, how do you speak strangely!
Strange, darling?
Give your hand, ah, it's soft and warm, and it feels comfortable.
There, you feel my heart beating hard!
To you, my sweet one!
But listen, boy, with your hands, so soft and soft, you hold it gently and must not torment it, you hold it tightly, very soft and quiet.
Come on, sweetheart!
- The night and the morning are near!
- sweet is the night
- Feel my heart beating.
- Oh let us hurry, the night is short and the morning is near!
- To you, my sweet one!
- Towards you, you sweet one!
I hear your voice!
It sounds to me from heights, from clefts, a thousand times over!
Song from the air, a mocking song from the depths of hell!
Her form dances before me, peeps from bushes and hedges, here and there her garment glitters, like a wipe she chases me, up and down, into the ether, into the swamps... And I held her, she was mine!
Or wasn't she?
- High Alviano Salvago!
- Who gave us joy!
Bringer of beauty!
Father of the people!
What do you want?
Silence!
I'm not a king.
A fool, a cripple!
A beggar, an abomination!
Where is my bride?
Hey, make it to me!
I want to thank you.
I will give you everything I have.
Then I am a prince, a king, a god!
But get me Carlotta!
I want to thank you!
Then I am a prince, a king, a god!
High Alviano, Apollo!
The friend of the muses!
Crowns him, the king!
Where do you have the crown, the rosary crown?
The friend of the people, lift him up!
Crowns him with roses!
High Alviano!
Let, let...
Hold on, Genoese people!
Hold on, bewitched!
Madmen that you are!
You crown him who has robbed your daughters, seduced your children, desecrated, perhaps murdered them.
What is it?
What does he mean by that?
The eight!
Terrible!
He?
Alviano?
!
- Do not believe him!
Aha!
- The Alberghi.
- The foxes!
- It's cleverly done!
- The intricate jealousy!
- Slander!
- High Alviano!
Be quiet!
Silence!
Hear the eight!
Through the Holy Eight, I, Duke Adorno, protector of the people and true friend, raise the charges against the knight Alviano Salvago.
I accuse him of raping girls, of seduction and desecration, committed against chastened virgins,
- the dome and induction to such.
- Wasn't there a scream?
Did you not hear a cry?
By virtue of our power as judges and judges of justice we extend the charges against the knight Alviano Salvago and forgive him possessed by an evil spirit, subject to the power of Satan and evil demons,
the bewitching of the people.
We cast a spell on the island "Elysium." "
It shall be destroyed by fire, as a breeding-place of vice and of devilish sin.
Knight Salvago, you are...
You see, that's what it comes down to!
- We are being robbed!
- Do not give us joy!
Cursed robbers!
Beasts!
Down Adorno!
- Death to the Alberghi!
Slay them, the scoundrels!
- All lies!
- Defend yourself!
- Alviano, talk!
- We believe you!
We stand by you!
Alviano, talk!
We protect you!
Towards you, sweet one!
- Do you not hear?
Music...
- feel my heart beating!
Short the night and the morning are near.
Cimbles, flutes, harps... and wild singing?
You see, he is possessed, the demon speaks from him!
Alviano, man, it's about your life.
He will be embarrassed.
leads him away!
Stop!
Don't touch him!
We believe him more who is silent than you who speak.
He did us good.
If you want him, give us evidence.
Evidence!
Bring that kid.
Explain yourselves, Ginevra!
Ginevra Scotti!
For heaven's sake, let me go!
Says without fear, Ginevra Scotti:
Where were you hiding, eh you, seeking help, fled to Duke Adorno?
In the house of Alviano Salvago.
Listen!
Listen!
- Silence!
Who is that?
Listen!
What are you up to?
What don't you move?
Old man, be merciful and let me go!
It dawns on me, terribly clear and clear.
Says without fear, Ginevra Scotti:
Who was it that robbed you of freedom and honor?
A nobleman who called himself Menaldo Negroni.
Aha!
The Alberghi!
Look!
Listen!
But what about Salvago?
Out with the truth!
Old man, she's in danger, I can see the connection!
The head of a horde of desert journeymen, noble robbers, is Alviano Salvago.
The Duke Count Vitelozzo Tamare betrayed everything.
Who said the name?
Who tore it out of my brain?
That's it!
He robbed her.
He stalked her.
He courted her. I know, I know...
Are you talking wrong?
Ginevra robbed Count Vitelozzo?
Who speaks of Ginevra?
Who is she?
I know nothing about her!
Carlotta!
Oh, dog!
You rascal!
You animal!
If I had you there, I would tear you to pieces, beast, with my teeth!
Come, I will lead you.
Do you see the blue light up there?
Do you hear?
Listen!
Isn't it music?
Great and wicked, screams and cheers...
People of Genoa!
I will lead you to your disgraced daughters!
To my poor, lost bride!
Then I will speak to you and you shall judge.
But woe betide the others!
Woe!
Death over her!
You're lying!
You are mistaken. I am speaking the truth.
Listen, it could be that she did not wake up,
That she slept over into the world.
And look, it was so much for me.
I've had nothing.
In my whole life, this woman was the only great thing, the only beautiful thing.
Understand when you tell me:
"" I robbed them, took them by force, ""
"I couldn't help it, because I loved her..." "So I must hate you and must curse you for destroying a poor man like me, taking away what he had.
But in there, deep down, something like that would remain, understand me, like a painful consolation.
But if you tell me:
"She's given herself to me," "
"She, Carlotta, voluntarily, in love,"
"" and she was happy, "" yes, truly, "you said" happy, "
Well, then... then I didn't have anything, then you didn't take anything from me, then I'm just as miserable again... just as miserable as I was...
Pushed back into nothingness...
And if you murder me, I don't know anything else to tell you.
Only one thing:
This woman, from the first day I saw her, had fallen in love with me, according to the word that you yourself, Alviano, once said:
"Beauty be the prey of the strong."
You thought you were strong for an hour, but you were not.
The joy presented itself to you, then you jerk off to her, trembling and cowardly.
You saw only the dark, the shadows, danger and sin.
Far too harsh by fate, you were lame, unfree, despondent.
For your kind, the precious flower lives only in dreams, but it blooms bright and enticing during the day, as dream, illusion, nocturnal haunt.
Because, Alviano, didn't you say Carlotta, too?
What didn't you take?
Because, because...
O devil, do not ask that, you go to hell, I reveal a crime before all the world,
So awful...
Because I look into the depths you don't know, because I'm a human being and you?
Don't know who's looking deeper from the two of us.
Don't know what's higher:
A joyless life, a slow sickness or a death in intoxication and transfiguration, a blissful death in a burning embrace!
How am I?
The meaning of your words, that's not possible... Her lips begged for mercy, stammering the ancient song of fearful defense.
But her eyes begged for pleasure.
Out of her mouth came an excruciating confession, fear and horror...
But in the eyes, wildly unruly, the sparks of kindled desire were sparkling.
Finally, it broke ground:
Bigger than you, she made herself free.
The glittering dance in the laughing eyes was joined wildly by her lip-smacking drunken chant:
"" Give death, "her eyes shouted,
"" Give me luck, "" she said.
Terrible!
Knowing you, Unsel'ger...
Just roll your eyes, grit your teeth and clench your fists!
My most blessed hour, no one will rob me of it!
So say a prayer!
You have nothing on me, what do you want?
At a church blessing 'a hunchbacked fiddler who played in a fine manner'.
The most beautiful of the beautiful, that was his sweetheart.
I took her out of the dancing swarm and carried her away.
He fell after me, so he stood before me like that, distorted, distorted and full of hate!
I killed him with his fiddle.
Just come to me. With my hands I kill you all!
So die, villain!
Who was screaming?
Wasn't that... my dear?
No, no, look at me, Alviano...
Carlotta, beloved... I am with you, he lied, he lied, he lied!
Away, away!
An album!
A Night Face!
Help!
Hu, how that pushes!
And the red light!
Woe, woe!
Give me water.
No, give me wine.
And my sweetheart shall come, my beautiful, sweeter... I want Vitelozzo, before I die... I want, I want...
Yes, where's the fiddle... I've got to go to church. '
And my cap, my beautiful cap...
Red and with silver bells.
Did no one see the cap?
Let me, I have to...
Hold on... what was that?
There is one... you good people,
There's a dead man there.
A presentation from a cultural and historical point of view in moving images in 7 chapters.
BENJAMIN CHRISTENSEN wrote the book and produced this film between 1919 and 1921.
For the photography I am grateful to Mr. Johan Ankerstjerne and for the artistic direction to Mr. Richard Louw.
My main sources are mentioned in the film programme.
Let us look into the history of mysticism, and try to bring clarity to a mysterious chapter known as the Witch.
The belief in sorcery and witchcraft is probably as old as mankind.
When primitive man is confronted with something inexplicable, the explanation is always magic and evil spirits.
In Persia, the fantasy creatures depicted in the following picture were believed to be responsible for diseases.
The English scholar Rawlinson and the French scholar Maspero show us pictures of evil spirits believed to be native to the oldest cultures.
The belief in evil spirits, sorcery and witchcraft is the result of naive notions of the secrets of the universe.
Here we see how the Egyptians imagined the nature of the world
(according to Maspero).
The ancient Egyptians believed the high mountains surrounded land and water from all sides.
The sky was made of steel, held by strong pillars that stood on the highest mountains.
The stars hung like lamps on ropes from the sky.
According to the beliefs of other historical cultures, the sky was vaulted and the earth was shaped in terraces.
In medieval folklore, the evil spirits of the past became devils who sneaked around and seduced children.
The devils lived in the core of the earth.
In the later Middle Ages, the earth was considered a fixed sphere in the center of the universe.
Above the earth and its waters -
- people in the Middle Ages imagined a layer of air -
- then a layer of fire -
- and outside of the fire were the planets, moving heavenly bodies.
Each planet was bound to its transparent, movable path.
Outside the planetary orbits, the fixed stars stood in their own sky
Above all, in a tenth crystal orbit, sat the Almighty, surrounded by angelic choirs, and he was the one who kept the world machine going.
Deep down in the core of the earth lies hell, where those deceived by the devil should suffer for eternity.
In the upper part of the following picture,
(by the French historian Lacroix)
The devils stuff the damned in large pots.
A sinner is thrown directly into the fire that burns under one of the cauldrons.
A devil pours the disgusting sulfur through a horn seeping into the throat of a man.
Two monsters torment some of the damned with their sharp teeth.
I have found a peculiar mechanical illustration of hell that provides a good understanding of the faith in the Middle Ages.
See with what zeal the devils take care of the fire under the cauldron!
During the Middle Ages, the devil and hell were believed to be true and constantly feared.
Witches, it was believed, made a dishonourable pact with the devil, and that is why they were burned.
The floating figure is a devil who comes to fetch the witch by lifting her into the air.
This picture of a pyre, as well as the following, are from "German life of the past in pictures."
In this picture a witch milks an axe handle.
In the following picture a witch has bewitched a man's shoe.
Witches usually meet in circles.
After the meeting, for example, they sneaked into a stable and bewitched a cow.
The small square symbol under the picture was usually carved into the stable door as a protection from witches.
In this old, naive drawing, a sorcerer and a witch, throwing curses, set a city on fire.
It was believed that witches used powders and magical potions from wizards to punish people with diseases
Note that the sick person is lying naked in bed.
It was common then.
It was common belief that witches danced naked with the devils at night, during the so-called witch's sabbath.
Women who wanted to take part in this "Sabbath" snuck up to the magician
where they could have their backs smeared with "witch's ointment."
The magic of the ointment allowed them to fly through the air.
The French doctors Bourneville and Teinturier gave me the following images of the witch Sabbath, a secret satanic rite in which thousands of women declared their participation.
During the Sabbath, witches and sorcerers first profaned the holy cross of the church.
Satan gives devil names to all involved.
And a ceremonial feast was held.
Sabbath food was often prepared from corpses from the gallows.
All witches had to pay their respects to the devil by kissing his butt.
After a merry dance with the devils, the witches flew home with the first cock crowing.
Such scenes are often found in familiar images of the witch's sabbath from the Middle Ages and the Renaissance.
To be continued.
AXAN Chapter 2
We are now going to the underground home of a sorceress in the year of the Lord 1488.
"Tonight the stars shine favorably over the gallows hill."
"Uhh, what a stench!
The thief's body hung on the gallows for too long. '
"If such a thief's finger has dried up too much, it can no longer give the brew healing powers."
"Hurry up and get up, Karna, so the passersby don't see me."
"Karna, can you make me a love potion that has power over a pious man of the Church?"
"Here young maiden, take a drink of cat droppings and pigeon hearts, cooked in the moonlight."
"A drop of it in a man's drink will soften his heart immediately."
"Karna, can I have an even stronger drink?"
"If the maiden wishes to rob the man of the senses, for love's sake..."
... "I boiled a potion in May by a young and playful male swallow."
"Keep your money, pretty woman!
Smell my ointment first! "
"This ointment is good, if you want to travel to the chunk one night."
"Smear the ointment secretly and the pious monk will come to your chamber immediately."
"You will fly high together in the night and he will give you many hungry kisses."
"Listen brother, should we not pray before we begin such an audacious project?"
"Oh Holy Mother of God, forgive us for opening this dead body with a knife!"
"It is not inappropriate curiosity that makes us sin so badly..."
... "but that this opens up the cause of many terrible diseases."
Help!
Quick!
The peace of the cemetery was disturbed by two witches. "
Such was the Middle Ages, when witchcraft and the devil's work were sought everywhere.
And that's why strange things were thought to be happening.
Damn woman!
You shall not lie here bewitching the legs of honourable people. "
"Watch out!
Now let your dirty mouth be open forever. "
So it was with witchcraft and the devil;
People's faith was so strong that it became.
The devil is everywhere and takes any form.
He presents himself as a nightmare, angry demon, seducer, lover and knight.
The devil's companion can be young and pretty, but more often she is old and ugly.
Is it the eternal fear of the stake that you get drunk every night, medieval woman?
When the evening bell rings and all the fires of the city are covered in ashes, the devil takes Apelone for his adventures.
High in the air is Apelone's dream castle, and there the devil will grant her all her secret wishes.
To be continued.
Chapter 3 of HAXAN
In Franz Heinemann's "The Judge and the Administration of Justice in the German Past" we see pictures of inquisition judges at work.
A woman suspected of witchcraft is thrown into the water to find out if she is guilty or not.
Edward Fuchs shows us in "Morte Geschichte" how the accused is bound.
Two men let the defendant into the water by straps where she has no support.
When she swims, she gets pulled up and burned.
When they sink, the judges thank God for their innocence.
I will now present a trial for witchcraft from beginning to end, which took place when the Pope sent travelling inquisitors to Germany.
"My husband could not suffer from dizziness so suddenly if he had not been bewitched by a sorceress!"
"Be comforted Anna, wife of the printer, the power of lead will soon reveal it."
"Oh, you mighty Saturn, allow this lead to show whether Jesper is bewitched by the printer."
"It is written here in the form of lead that dizziness is cruel witchcraft."
"Oh Peter, look, where is the evil sorceress?"
"You may see the witch sooner than you like..."
... "sooner than I would like."
"Jesus' Holy Cross and Wounds!
I didn't hear you coming, weaver Mary! "
"Oh young woman, have pity on me, a poor woman who has to go door to door begging!"
"Are you hungry Mary?
If so, sit down. "
"Here, eat if you can, in the name of Jesus."
"Watch out little sister, watch out.
This woman has evil eyes. "
"The youngest servant of the Inquisition does not exchange a word with a foreign maiden."
How marvellous!
It felt like fire when the young maiden touched my arm. "
"Young woman, are you aware that what you are accusing this woman of threatens her life?
"Swear by the Cross that you are not mortal enemies!"
"Let's go, young man, before her feet take off so that the wicked witch does not turn us all into mice."
"Now you will get the hot death you deserve, you damn servant of the devil!"
To be continued.
AXAN Chapter 4
Two "honest" housemaids move the defendant in prison so she can't carry hidden witch powder with her.
"Mary the Weaver is accused of witchcraft."
"Master, look closely, there could be witch powder hidden in the sorceress's hair."
The nights of the accused are now dictated by the inquisitors.
Two respectable men try to make her confess.
If she stubbornly denies her guilt, they will use some kind of mental torture.
"Woman, look here at the seven holy words of the crucified Jesus written on blessed parchment.
"I hang it around her neck so that the devil can no longer help her to remain silent."
"Does she see this length of blessed wax as the Corpus Christi?"
The defendant is led backwards to the torture chamber so that she cannot bewitch the judge when she enters.
"One last time I ask:
Will she confess her witchcraft and misdeeds? "
"Let their sufferings begin so that we can put an end to the hardness of their hearts."
"Oh, scholar!
How am I supposed to confess something that wasn't? '
"So then, executioner Rasmus!
Let the evil witch's body hurt. "
"Let her breathe, executioner Rasmus, and unscrew the screw when she confesses her sins."
"Oh scholar!
I confess that I gave birth to many children to the devil. "
"And when I gave birth, Karna and her entire circle of witches helped me."
"If I am spared the pain, I will confess that Trina smeared me with witch ointment."
"Oh yes, learned man, I flew through the air at night on Trina's broom."
"And the devil's grandmother was there, with all her witchcraft."
"And a woman who didn't do enough evil was cruelly treated by the devil."
"And many spat on all that is sacred."
"And a meal of toads and unbaptized children was cooked by Karna."
"Listen to Mary the weaver, did you see the devil put his mark on the forehead of the witches?"
"Oh scholar, I saw the witches kissing the bad guy's ass."
"And Anna's mother, the printer's wife, who wished me a hot death -"
"- That damn woman, I saw her kissing the bad guy so tenderly... and Sissel, her servant, the old fool, was there too."
"And Elsa, who kicked me some time ago, she's supposed to burn at the stake as well.
"She walked past writer Martin's door on a moonlit night with her sister."
"And they put a curse on Martin the scribe with the water they threw at his door.
"And it was the same night that death brought in Martin the scribe."
"And now I'm going to tell you all about the witches who screamed after me in the street I live in."
To be continued.
HAXAN Chapter 5
In this way, the wheels began to spin endlessly in the age of witches.
Each witch accused ten other witches.
The city supervisors were busy.
If you oppose the arrest of a witch, you have to be one yourself.
The fate of young Anna, the printer's wife, is sealed.
So there are only two people left in the haunted house of Jesper the printer.
In the witch age it was dangerous to be old and ugly, but it was also not safe to be young and pretty.
"Brother help me.
I've got sinful thoughts. '
"Uncover your body, brother!"
"I will whip your sinful body and your poor soul to heal."
"Oh brother, why do you stop hitting?
Now my soul is surely damned. "
"Father Henrik, brother John is enchanted."
"A witch came into his cell to seduce him."
'And she grabbed him by the wrist. '
"Get up brother, Father Henrik is coming."
"Brother, you didn't give up virginity for a witch, did you?"
"Do you know the punishment for those who refuse to testify against a witch?"
And so they will grab you, young maiden, and submit you to their infallible test.
"In the name of the Holy Trinity, if you are not a witch, you forget tears now!"
"See for yourself - you cannot weep because you are in league with evil."
We now assume that the young woman resisted;
that no threat or pain can bring them to confess.
I was trying to figure out how the extraordinary inquisitors behaved in such circumstances.
And I see a few scenes here that I don't think are too dark for the screen.
"Wake up young maiden!
I'll bring you great joy. '
"Look young maiden, I give you freedom if you do me a small favor."
"Why do you mock me, monk?
What can a poor creature like me give you? "
"Teach me the beautiful art of making thunder with this water!"
"If you don't believe me, young maiden, get up and look at the court."
"Have the guards gone?"
"Yes, they are far away.
The keys are in my hand now and I can secretly take you out through the city gates tonight. "
"And I swear to keep silence about all that you reveal to me of witchcraft with thunder."
"Remember young maiden that Jesper the printer's child, is all alone in the world with no relatives except you two?"
"Oh Father Henrik, look at the tears of the young maiden.
Look, she's crying, so she can't be a witch. '
"Silly boy! Don't you know that witches secretly smear themselves with saliva to make us think they are tears?"
"Here maiden, see the boy who perishes without you as a dishonourable, outcast witch offspring."
"Stay here and listen to all the words of the maiden so that you can testify against her later."
"Will you secretly open the prison gates for me and the child when I speak?"
"Then I want to tell you that a wandering stonemason once told me..."
... "when witches call for thunder, they put their hands in the water..."
Before the sun sets tomorrow, you will burn at the stake. "
"And then they will burn you, maiden,
"for the edification of men, as a sweet fragrance for God."
And one pyre after another burned in the city until one day the judges moved to the next city.
The witch craze raged like a spiritual plague wherever these judges appeared.
Within a few centuries, over 8 million women, men and children were burned as witches.
To be continued.
HAXAN Chapter 6
There are witch confessions that are totally crazy.
Many women confessed, for example, that they - transformed into cats - defiled the altar in the night, while two devils in the form of animals watched at the church door.
But there are also confessions that may well be close to the truth, at the time of superstition.
Many women have been burned for confessing to having "tied the knot" on a wedding bed!
Every lump destroys a pregnancy.
And the happiness of an entire house could be destroyed with witch hair and metal crosses.
Many women have probably really used such magic tricks and believed in their destructive effect.
But if we go after the confessions, we have to take a closer look at the props in the torture chamber.
You and I would also be made to admit mystical abilities with the help of such instruments.
Or not?
The French doctor Paul Regnard describes how this collar was used
The collar was fastened with four ropes.
The defendant's ankles and wrists were tied to two bars fixed to the ground.
When a fire bowl was placed under the poor victim -
- his movements were so violent that the tips of the collar pierced his neck.
Doctor Regnard shows another picture that speaks for itself.
It's simply called "After the questioning."
The "painful interrogation" began preferably with a "lighter" torture:
The thumbscrew, for example.
One of my actresses insisted on trying the thumbscrew when we shot these pictures.
I'm not going to divulge the terrible confessions I made to this young woman in less than a minute.
In the monasteries in the Middle Ages, the fear of the devil escalated into almost hopeless despair.
The pious indulged in numerous deplorable self-punishments.
Often only a single nun was affected and suddenly the whole convent was infested with madness -
- a mysterious, contagious madness.
In writings that have survived to this day, these unfortunate women have written with touching simplicity how the devil penetrated the monastery.
"Get away from me Satan!"
"May all the saints help me!
Sister Cecilia conspires with evil. "
How must these women have suffered before their nerves gave way and madness broke out?
Their biographies contain this desperate exclamation:
The devil has forced us!
"Oh, Holy Mother, evil has a terrible power!"
'Look at me now, he's forcing me to do what I least want to do. '
"Burn me at the stake, pious father!
Do you not see what the devil is forcing me to do? "
"Take me!
Don't you see him?
The devil is standing over there threatening me. "
To be continued
HAXAN Chapter 7
Let us now leave the obsession of the devil
(speaking in foreign tongues and cramps)
And come to this day.
Most of the witches of the old days were poor women;
Those that are accepted today by pious organizations or nursing homes.
One or more traits that made an old woman stand out were enough to bring her to justice at the time of the witch hunt.
Let us not believe that the devil belongs only in the past.
The dear old woman who plays Maria the weaver in my film once raised her tired face to me during a break in filming -
- and said, "The devil is real.
I've seen him sitting on the edge of my bed. '
With her consent, I showed her a prayer book in which a woman (1921!
)
She thinks she can see the devil through her eyes.
The delusion of the witch can be explained as nervous exhaustion that I want to explain here.
I want the audience to know that in the following I have the same actress portray different patients with related nervous disorders.
Personally, I knew a very nervous young woman who often walked in her sleep.
Why did she keep doing the same thing she was most afraid of?
Like a witch driven by the devil, this woman, when she was asleep or awake, gave in to the mysterious desire to light matches.
Did this obsession have anything to do with her fear of death from fire after one broke out in her house?
She said she felt like she was fighting an unknown force, stronger than her own.
Isn't there something "witchy" about this sleepwalker sneaking through the slumbering household with her matches?
Does she not remind us of the nun walking through the chapel with her knife driven by the devil?
This poor woman, even in a confused state, does what she fears most in her sleep.
This obsession - these somnambulous, dazed constitutions - fits with a mental illness we call hysteria.
And there are even more connections between the medieval witch and the modern hysterical person.
We remember, for example, that the witch was visited by the devil at night.
Today it is not the devil but rather a famous actor, a popular clergyman or a famous doctor who disturbs the peace of the night.
The hysterical person will no doubt say that these celebrities came through the wall or the window.
See how consciously this unconscious woman clings to her bed.
A person suffering from hysteria always shows some artificial peculiarities.
In the Middle Ages, it was believed that the devil had invisible marks on the body of witches on the Sabbath, on which all feelings disappeared.
The executioner often found numb spots on the defendants "backs.
"I can clearly see that you are a witch.
You don't even feel the Master's instrument on your back. '
Today, this strange numbness is considered a symptom of hysteria.
"No, I don't feel anything on my back."
"Yes, as I thought; her daughter suffers from hysteria."
"After what you told me, I have to advise you to keep your daughter in the clinic for the time being."
"It would be a shame if your daughter had an unpleasant encounter with the police."
Poor little hysterical witch!
In the Middle Ages you were in conflict with the Church.
Now it's the law.
"Please come to my office."
"Or should I call the police?"
Her name?
Can they identify themselves? "
"Your address?
Do they have a phone at home? "
"Well, thank you.
You can go.
I'll get in touch later. '
"When my family hears about this, I will be locked away by force."
"I ask her to understand that I am an unhappy, sick person.
I don't know what I'm doing. '
"I couldn't live with the constant fear during the war.
I'm a broken person. '
"It is as if an unknown force forces me to commit these terrible thefts."
"See here!
I've just stolen a little, expensive Russian book. '
"What am I supposed to do with it?
I can't speak a word of Russian. '
"My husband died in the war and since then I have not been myself..."
"I promise I won't pursue it further, but I have to ask them never to enter my shop again."
Centuries have passed and the Almighty from the Middle Ages no longer sits in his tenth sphere.
We no longer sit in the church and stare in fear at the devil's frescoes.
The witch no longer flies over the roofs on her broom.
But isn't superstition still omnipresent?
Is there a big difference between the sorceress and her customers then and now?
We no longer burn our old and poor.
But don't they often suffer bitterly?
And the little woman we call hysterical, alone and unhappy, isn't she still a mystery to us?
Nowadays, we lock the unfortunate in a mental institution or if they are wealthy - in a modern clinic.
And then we can calm down with the idea that the hospital's mild-tempered shower has replaced the barbaric methods of the middle ages.
THE OTHER ADVENTURES OF MR. WEST IN THE COUNTRY OF BOLSCHEWIKI
A comedy of a Yankees curiosity punishes and rewards
Production Goskino 1924
First production of the cinema workshop of Lew W. Kuleschow
Camera: Alexander.
A. Levitsky
Off to Russia!
Mrs West is desperate for her husband's departure.
Cowboy Jeddy, Mr West's loyal servant. (Boris Barnet)
Mr. West's Morning Post (Mr. West - Porfiri Podobed)
To the President of the Young People's Christian Association, Mr. West.
Dear Lord!
After hearing of your courageous intention to visit the land of the Bolsheviks, we send you some New York magazines depicting the barbaric conditions in Russia today.
We strongly recommend that you bring weapons and a bodyguard.
With our best wishes, respectful, G. L. Collagan.
The typical Russian Bolshevik.
Darling, take Jeddy with you.
He will protect you from these animals!
A month later Mr. West arrives one morning in the capital of the Bolsheviks.
Mr. West's suitcase.
A not very distinguished fellow traveller - Senka Swistsch (G. Charlampijew)
A bad sock holder system.
Be steadfast, Lord, I will protect you in this barbaric land!
Comfort - a relative term.
Watch out.
Once an aesthete, now only an impostor - Shban (Vsevolod Pudowkin)
"Cordial company"
The Dude and the Countess (Leonid Obolenski and Alexandra Chochlova)
"Countess of Sachs"
The One-Eyed One (Sergei Komarov)
It smells of dollars!
Look at this American surprise.
Everything is twisted in Jeddy's head.
We're going to get dollars out of it!
The suitcases and Mr. West are kidnapped by Bolsheviks!
The American Ellie (Walentina Lopatina)
Access prohibited for unauthorized persons.
Ellie!
Jed!
Mr. West has found shelter in the office of an American company, but he feels uncomfortable without his loyal bodyguard.
The gang goes to "work."
Shban is casting his nets.
Tell me, how did you get to my briefcase?
The story is made for American newspapers.
Prison
I snatched the victim from the robber's throat.
I bared my head in front of the flag of the most cultural state on earth.
The net is being drawn in.
Allow me to suggest that we go to my apartment.
We are being watched here.
But I have so much baggage...
Take only the essentials.
We'll get the rest later.
In the militia, Ellie tries to free her arrested compatriot.
I know Jeddy from America.
He saved me once when thugs tried to attack me.
Because of the influence of his boss, Jeddy sees Russians as a kind of Papua.
Jeddy is released.
Mr. West looks at Moscow.
Look what these barbarians have done to the university.
Once upon a time the Imperial Bolshoi Theatre was here.
My palace...
I had to exchange it for a cabin...
However, you will be very close to the cruel reality.
Tea in a "Soviet way."
Jeddy and Ellie find his lost master.
A true description, just as life is here...
The Countess is working, not sparing her strength.
"Cordial Society No. 2" (Pyotr Galachev, S. Sletov, V. Latischewski)
Pick some horrible looking people together.
They're supposed to be playing some Bolshevik beasts for the stupid American.
I pay in dollars.
All we know in the office is that Mr. West left with a strange gentleman.
Bolsheviks!
Commissioners!
Search!
Save yourself!
Dearest, I'll show you what a real American is
JUSTICE PROCEDURE
DEATH PART
Everything started spinning before his eyes.
In anticipation of death.
The shining effects of Mr. Shban.
Don't despair!
Salvation is at hand!
Pay the bearer $1,000.
We'll get you out through the chimney.
Give us another $1,000.
The "friends" don't sleep.
People in the office are very concerned about the long absence of West.
Mr. West is still found today.
I recommend you go to the militia.
Saved!
I will show you what it means to kiss my wife!
Calm down!
Calm down!
Pay him! Pay him!
Look what a real Bolshevik looks like...
The new occupant of the children's home is enthusiastic about a real cowboy.
Love me...
Don't love me... love me!
Mr. West is fulfilling his dreams.
The university.
THE SCIENCES - THE WORKERS
The Bolshoi Theatre.
Now you see thousands of true Bolsheviks.
Here they are!
And they're all real.
By radio: Dear Madge!
I send you greetings from Soviet Russia.
Burn the New York magazines and put a picture of Lenin in your study.
Long live the Bolsheviks!
Your John
On the way to the radio station.
MOSCOW POWERFUL SPARK STATION SENDS
People's Commissariat for Post and Telegraphy
THE END
Orlac's hands
It's nine o'clock and the train will arrive at eleven.
To Montgeron...!
He's alive!
It's 5: 30, Professor.
At 6 o'clock Vasseur is executed... and 8 minutes later the car will take the body to the clinic.
A train wreck.
Orlac is seriously injured.
There is still hope... a skull fracture that we will operate on... but his hands...
Save his hands... his hands are his life....
Save his hands... his hands are more important than his life.
Save his hands...
I'll try.
Just a little while and you can come home... and sun, light and lots of flowers will greet you when you come.
We want to give you back your husband... in part, at least.
Today you should be able to see his face again.
Your eyes... how I love your hair and your hands... your beautiful, tender hands...
There... that head... is it not looking at my hands?
He laughs...!
Now... he's gone!
Tell me... what's under those bandages?
What secret are they hiding?
Well, for heaven's sake, let's reveal the secret...
Will these hands ever be able to play again?
The mind dominates the hands... Nature and a strong will can overcome everything.
Tomorrow... he's coming tomorrow!
I will be waiting for him here... his first kiss and the first caress of his beloved hands.
Last night.
Your hands could not be saved...
Dr. Seral has given you others - the hands of the executed predator Vasseur!
Is it true?
Do I have the hands of the robber and murderer vasseur...?
How much longer?
Still half an hour...
No, only thirty minutes.
These hands will never be allowed to touch another person.
How much longer?
I love you...
I love you...
Do you have the January 15 newspaper for me?
I feel it coming from you... along the arms... until it finally takes hold of the soul... cold, terrible, merciless.
Damn... damn... hands!
Don't come any closer!
Go away...
I don't want to obey you any more.
Tomorrow I'll go to his father if you can't convince him!
Don't touch me... your hands hurt... like the hands of a murderer...
Take them away!
I don't want them - those wretched things!
The creditors
Just give us a little reprieve...
I tell you...
They demand blood...
Crime...
Murder...
Just a week!
The hands do not control the person...
The head, the heart dominate the body... command the hands as well...
See you tomorrow?!
Hat and coat...
I go to Paul's father.
He's rich... he can help... if he wants...
Don't go there... he's a bad man... he hates all people... and most of all our Lord...
I'm not allowed to let anyone in... last but not least, someone from... there.
Mr Orlac <unk> you know about the misfortune that has happened...
Mr Orlac <unk> Paul can't play now.
That's why we got into trouble.
Paul doesn't know about it yet... help us!
He is your son... your flesh and blood... would you let him become destitute?
Yes, I will!
I hate him...!
Mr. Orlac has to go to his father himself... today!
How do you expect to pay?
Dearest, one more night and one more day and then I will be with you again. I will embrace you... my hands will slide over your hair.
And I will feel your body shake under my hands...
Once... that was... my handwriting...
Go to your father... today... he must help us... it cannot go on like this...
Murder!
The murderer's knife, Vasseur!?
The fingerprints of the executed vasseur!
Vasseur's signature!
I do not know what secret surrounds us -
Vasseur has been dead for years, but his hands are alive!
Paul Orlac, you are the heir of your father.
They're going to bring me a million tomorrow.
At this time, here!
Money?!
Money?!
And for that you persecute me in the wake and in my dreams?
Why -?
For my hands!
Who are you?
I am a vasseur, executed on July 13...
The same experiment Professor did with your hands, his assistant did with my head.
If I don't have the million tomorrow at this time... the prosecutor will know the day after tomorrow who murdered your father...
Who is the murderer?
She...
Paul Orlac!
The fingerprints that are visible everywhere are the prints of the vasseur's fingers, and who has those fingers now?
You! Paul Orlac!
The letter that lured the old servant away from the house was from Vasseur's hand.
The knife with which the murder happened is Vasseur's knife with the X.
Your girl will swear that she saw it... in her hand...!
You may not have committed the murder - but you won't be able to prove it...
What happens to me?
Am I crazy?
Don't you want to tell me what bothers you?
I know it, I feel it, these hands lead me to crime...
I have to bring him the money.
I will tell the prosecutor everything...
Who will believe me?
They will believe you, just as I believe you.
I come here as a free man.
Stay there, you might have some news for the evening papers.
A strange encounter, so peculiar that I do not know if it is true or a dream....
A stranger.
He was... the one who was executed...
I saw with my own eyes the sign of the guillotine on his neck...
Mr Orlac, thank you for your statement...
Go there tonight.
Bring the money to the stranger - we will take care of everything else...
An old acquaintance of Mr. Nera, last medical assistant to Professor Serral...
One of the most talented crooks in the world.
So I'm an extortionist.
But you are looking for a murderer...!
Did you not notice that the murder was committed by Vasseur's hands...?
I don't have those hands...
I want to tell you who has such hands.
Mr Orlac, you are under arrest!
Mr. Orlac is innocent, Nera is the murderer.
Silence!
Speak up! Where do the fingerprints of the executed vasseur come from?
Nera was Vasseur's friend... he secretly made wax prints of Vasseur's fingers.
And then he made rubber gloves... with Vasseur's fingerprints.
And so he killed the elder Orlac...
And he also killed the old moneylender, and put the suspicion on Vasseur. Vasseur died innocent.
If Vasseur was innocent... my hands are clean...
In 1923, Henri Diamant-Berger produced the first film written and directed by René Clair.
PARIS IN SLEEP
One night Paris goes to sleep and the next morning the night watchman of the Eiffel Tower wonders why nothing moves in the city and nobody comes...
For the police chief
At the Paris airport
"Everyone froze last night except me at the top of the tower."
"And us on the plane."
A thief is always useful.
'Let's not give up. '
"I will see to it that the doors of the shops open for you and the doors of the Bank of France."
All of Paris belongs to them.
But what good is all wealth if you get bored?
"If anyone can hear me, we'll meet on Avenue de... a handkerchief at the window..."
"From here, the fateful ray was sent to put the whole world to sleep."
"It was my uncle, Professor Ixe!"
"You have to wake up the world!"
"I didn't think so!"
'I'll try. '
"3: 25, the same hour!"
"You betrayed me!"
"We have to get some money with the help of your uncle's invention."
"The whole world lay asleep for four days."
"You all tell the same story!"
"We are all telling the truth."
"Go and tell your stories somewhere else."
"Have we dreamed all this?"
"No, it wasn't a dream!"
THE END
STREIK a production of the Erste Goskinofabrik
"The strength of the working class is organization.
Without the organization of the masses, the proletariat is nothing.
Organized, it's all.
Being organized means unity of action and unity in practical action. "Lenin, 1907
PART ONE:
EVERYTHING IS QUIET IN THE WORK
Everything is calm at work,
BUT...
"Enough is enough, guys"
Movement.
The director.
Reporting.
Punish.
To the appropriate body.
"Bring me the files from the factory district."
Brush up the memory of the Agents Provocateurs.
List of Agents Provocateurs:
The Monkey, The Silence, The Patriarch, The Country Man, Soy,
The bulldog, the fox, the tailor, the sheepdog, the owl, the migratory bird.
Preparations.
"The Fox."
Alms for the blind.
"The Owl."
Let's go to the meeting place.
"The Monkey."
"The Bulldog."
An active group.
"They've cornered us more and more, and now we're on strike."
"With our people."
"It would be better if people didn't go on strike."
Preparations.
"Activate everywhere."
"The Owl" is in a bind.
A spy.
Secret meetings.
Incitement of the masses.
With accordion accompaniment.
"You are becoming more and more impertinent, you scum."
Meanwhile, underground...
Strike, comrades, off to battle!
People are acting.
"No more patience.
Let's go on strike, comrades, off to battle. '
End of the first part.
PART TWO A GRAND TO STRIKE
A micrometer was stolen.
The price of the micrometer is 25 rubles.
A loss of three weeks of work.
To the office to report the loss.
"We haven't had any thefts."
The manager.
'Thief! '
'Thief... '
"Comrades, the administrator accuses me of theft.
I am innocent, but I cannot prove it.
I can't leave the factory with the accusation of being a thief.
So I decided to put an end to my life.
Farewell, and remember that I am innocent.
"Stop!"
"Stop the work!"
The Master.
"Quick, the signal!"
"Go to hell!"
For the signal.
To the old foundry.
To the meeting.
The old foundry is fighting back.
"Forward, boys. Let's go!"
"Off to the office, comrades!"
"Do not open the gates!
Don't let anyone in or out. '
The Labor Tribunal.
In the office.
"Without our work, the melting furnaces will run out, the machines will stop, the plant will stand still."
"We have the strength, we are the strength when we unite to fight against capital."
A "carriage" for the management.
"Why didn't you warn us about it?
End of the second part.
PART THREE OF THE OPERATION STILL STILL
The first days.
"You have to go to work."
Imitating their fathers.
Orders arrive.
Everything on which their power rests was created by the hands of the workers.
"Even on strike?!"
Requests are made.
'We're asking for an eight-hour working day. '
"Fair treatment by the management."
"A 30% increase in wages."
At the police station.
"There are no cowards or traitors among us.
We defend our demands to the end. "
The shareholders.
"I quote."
"A six-hour working day for minors."
"They are asking for a 30% increase in wages."
'It's just horrible.
They're dragging the factory into politics. '
"That's outrageous." "
"And now, gentlemen..."
Police.
"Sit down!"
"And that's not all..."
"If you press hard enough, you get... juice."
The demands.
"The management has considered the demands of the workers... with the utmost care..."
"Clean up."
A nice answer.
In every family there is an abomination.
And until late at night, you became familiar with the worries of the workers.
End of the third part.
PART FOUR OF THE STREET DURING
Grocery store closed for repairs
'He's hungry. '
To the flea market.
The tobacco bag is empty.
"Dad, I want lunch."
Looking for loot.
The owl looks good during the day, too.
Considering the demands of the workers with the utmost care... the management considers them impractical for the following reasons:
1. The eight-hour working day is completely unlawful... and does not depend on the management.
2) The pay rise... 4) The right behaviour.
In a previously agreed place.
A civil action of the management is recommended only if the workers comply unconditionally.
In the evening.
At night.
"Beat him!"
"Beat him!"
The next night.
"Article 102:
4 to 6 years hard labour, or... "
In the morning.
"Got around."
"The leader... and dangerous."
You're talking about cancelling.
"Who is in favour of continuing the strike?"
"Vote against?"
"A minority is for work."
Arrest warrant
End of the fourth part.
PART FIVE OF THE PROVOCATION OF DESTROY
The tsarist police are not squeamish.
"I will report you immediately."
The "king."
A questionable business.
"My possessions are huge."
"The Kadushkino cemetery."
Tough guys.
"I need five unscrupulous men."
They are ALL unscrupulous!
Off to "business."
The monkey works en gros, the owl and the bulldog work in pieces.
Pass on.
The "War Council."
State liquor store No. 135
Coming from the meeting.
At "work."
They sneak in...
"Hit!"
The boys of the "king" get to the point.
'It's a provocation.
Call the fire brigade. "
"Stop the chatter."
"Guard the fire alarm or the" plan "will be foiled."
"Comrades, follow me!"
"They want to buy us vodka!
Don't be provoked! '
"This is where the provocateurs are working with the police."
"Go home, comrades."
Thwarted...
"After me!"
Fools.
A dead end.
Fighting for a way out.
Breaking through.
Escape.
The leaders "flush out."
Scum!
Your own people... "
Caught.
End of the fifth part.
PART SIX LIQUIDATION
In the factory district, a state liquor store was ravaged, looted and set on fire by the strikers.
The crowd was dispersed with water hoses.
The situation is tense, and there are fears of further unrest.
The first blow
"OUTSIDE!"
"Comrades, help me!"
"To the smithy, comrades, to the sledgehammers."
To the quarters.
Invaded.
Beasts.
"They can't all go to prison.
Hold on, guys. ""
"Guys."
"Your small district..."
... "is already..."
"But you, young man, could work with us. We or the... So?"
"Back to my cell!"
The carnage.
The defeat.
And like the bleeding unforgettable scars on the proletarian's body are the wounds of Lena, Talka, Zlatoist, Yaroslav, Tsaritsin and Kostrom.
PROLETARIER!
PANZERKREUZER POTEMKIN Film from the series The Year 1905
Production of the 1st Goskino factory
Production Manager Yes. M. Blioch
Screenplay by N.F. Agadzhanova- Shutko
Directed by S.M. Eisenstein Assistant director G. Alexandrov
Camera Eduard Tissé
Assistant directors:
A. Antonov, M. Gomorov, A. Lyovshin, M. Strauch
Recording Director A.P. Kryukov, I.A. Kotoschew
Act One "PEOPLE AND WORMS"
The spirit of the revolution hovered over the Russian countryside.
Some vast, mysterious process took place in countless hearts.
The individuality, which had only just recognized itself, was absorbed in the mass and the mass in the great élan.
The sailors Matyushenko and Vakulinchuk.
We sailors of the Potemkin must support the workers, our brothers, and place ourselves in the first ranks of the revolution!
Heavy and gloomy is the sleep of the free watch.
Vigilant, but clumsy.
You let out your anger at the newcomer.
Sickening...
Vakulinchuk
Comrades!
It is time for us to speak up.
What are we waiting for?
All Russia has risen!
Shall we be the last?
In the morning.
Enough, we don't want to eat any more rotten stuff!
A dog wouldn't eat that!
The ship doctor Smirnov.
It crawls overboard by itself!
These are not worms.
These are dead fly larvae.
You can wash it off with brine!
In Japan, Russian prisoners are fed better than we are!
We don't want to eat rotten stuff anymore!
The meat is good.
Don't argue!
The First Officer Gilyarovsky
The impotent rage boiled over.
The ship's canteen.
The sailors refuse to eat the borsch.
Our daily bread
Act II "THE DRAMA OF TENDRA"
Commander Golikov
Who is satisfied with the borsch two steps ahead!
The Maate.
Step away!
The rest I hang on the wall!
Guard on deck!
Under the pretext of letting them step out of line, Matyushenko gathers the sailors at the gun tower.
To the tower...
To the tower!
To the tower...
Guys!
Come on!
The majority of them crowded at the tower.
Stop!
Not one step further!
They tried to escape through the admiral's hatch.
Back, Channel 4!
The way is not for you!
I'll pop you like dogs!
Cover with the tarpaulin!
To command, cover!
Cover!
Attention!
Oh Lord!
Bring the disobedient to reason!
On the cover - puts on!
Vakulinchuk makes a decision.
Fire!
Brothers!
Who are you shooting at?
The guns were shaking.
Shoot!
Shoot!
Shoot, you rags!
To the guns, comrades!
Beat the dragons!
Beat them!
Beat everyone!
Fear God!
Go away, Chaldeans!
Down with him for the worms!
Comrades!
The victory is ours!
Bleeding to death, Vakulinchuk tries to save himself from the furious Gilyarovsky.
Vakulinchuk overboard!
Save Vakulinchuk!
The first to call for rebellion was thus the first to fall at the hands of executioners.
To the shore.
Odessa.
A tent on the New Mole of Odessa - Vakulinchuk's last port.
ABOUT A BORSCHTSCH
Act Three "THE DEAD CALL"
From the night came the fog...
Rumours came from the pier.
And with the sun came the news into the city.
An armored cruiser on the Reede uprising shore...
A murdered sailor...
Always remember that.
Around a spoonful of borscht.
"Citizens of Odessa!
In front of you lies the corpse of the sailor Vakulinchuk, brutally murdered by the First Officer of the armored cruiser "Prince of Taurien."
Death to the oppressors!
The crew of the armored cruiser "Prince of Taurien."
Eternal remembrance to the fallen combatants!
All for one
One for all.
Down with the executioners!
Down with the autocracy!
Mothers and brothers!
No difference, no enmity shall separate us!
Beat the Jews!
Shoulder to shoulder.
The Earth - is ours
Tomorrow - is ours
A delegate from the shore.
The enemy must be hit decisively!
In league with the insurgent workers of all Russia
we will win!
The Potemkin is closely watching the shore.
Fourth act "ODESSA's STEP"
In those days the whole city was one with the insurgent armored cruiser.
Like a white swarm the boats flew towards the armored cruiser.
And suddenly
Come on!
Let us ask them!
Listen!
Don't shoot!
My boy is very unwell.
Cossacks!
Then the shells of the armored cruiser respond to the atrocities of the military rulers in Odessa.
Target - the Theatre of Odessa.
On the general staff.
Act Five "Encounter with the Diviner"
Until evening the stormy meetings continued.
Odessa's people await their liberators!
Go ashore and the troops will join you.
Landing is impossible.
The Admiral Squadron is moving against us.
Unanimously, they decided to meet the squadron.
A night of unrest broke out.
The squadron crept up in the dark.
Hoarse from constant speeches throats breathe heavy and stagnant.
Squadron on the horizon!
All man on deck!
Clear for battle
Full steam ahead!
Brave!
Extreme power ahead!
The Potemkin and Minecraft 267.
The Admiral is attacking!
The squadron is approaching!
Give a signal: join us!
Join us!
Enemy at gunpoint!
All against one
One against all.
Fire? Or...
Brothers!
Over the heads of the tsarist admirals, the fraternal hooray roared.
The red flag of freedom flew proudly. Without a single shot, the insurgent armored cruiser passed through the ranks of the squadron.
Alaska's gold rush was a dream for the hard-boiled, with the siren of the North calling many to her icy chest and unexplored lands.
The gold mines were located behind the Chilkoot Pass.
There was untold misery here.
Many fell down exhausted and died, others turned back, the strongest held out.
In the icy north, in the quiet nowhere, came a fearless, lonely gold prospector.
Somewhere in this nowhere was another gold prospector.
Our Columbus trudged blithely into the barren wasteland, then he stopped, stumbled and slipped.
"Wait a minute, before I know where I am, I have to get there."
In the ice desert was a dream. A scream penetrated the dreary sky.
"Eureka!
I've found a pile of gold! '
But the elements laughed, roared and thundered!
In a lonely hut lived equally lonely Black Larson, a miserable, predatory villain.
The little guy stumbled into the groaning shed in search of shelter and hospitality.
He stretched his weary bones as icy wind whistled through the holes.
"Come here," Larson said.
"What are you doing there?"
"I eat, as you can see."
"Out with you!"
"Come on!"
Get out!
The storm also affected Big Jim.
Jim was the noble guy, he had suffered.
Oh, he loved to suffer!
He suffered from everything.
"Get out!" said Larson.
'Otherwise, it's lead. '
"Come on, get out of here, you two!"
Get out!
But Big Jim couldn't stand the noise.
"I'm staying here, right?"
"Here!" said Big Jim.
"Yes, Mister, he's staying here," the guy said.
"Is that clear?
We're both staying here. '
They stayed for days while the hut groaned.
And the men ran until they were tormented by hunger.
"I have to eat!" screamed Big Jim.
"I have to eat!"
"What do you eat?"
'Nothing. '
"Open your mouth!"
"Liar, you eat the candle."
"Who?" said the guy.
How disgusting.
"If you taunt me, I'll slit you open."
"One of us has to go into the storm if we want to eat."
"Come here."
"We draw cards, the loser has to go."
"It's your turn," Jim said.
"Bye, good luck!
Bring something to nibble on. "
Somewhere in the middle of nowhere, justice was looking for Black Larson.
Hunger also plagued her on Thanksgiving Day.
But they had a reason to be grateful.
"Not quite yet. Two minutes!"
"Come on, do it!"
The little guy searched everything, but did not find the smallest bite, not even a field mouse.
The agonizing hunger drove Big Jim into fits of hysteria.
He was a nervous wreck.
"Eat, eat!" he thundered.
"Another shoe roast?"
"No! Everything but that!"
Poor Jim couldn't stand it any more.
"What's going on?"
"I thought you were a chicken."
"Heat us up a little bit."
"What's wrong with you?"
"Come here, little bird."
'Don't be childish. '
"Don't be silly, it's me!"
"You!" said Big Jim.
"I'm sorry, I'm crazy."
"Who are you telling?" the guy asked.
"I'll take the shotgun before you lose it."
Chicken or no chicken, that guy whetted Big Jim's appetite.
Meanwhile, Black Larson came across Big Jim's gold mine.
Then everyone went their own way.
Jim to his mine, our hero in his destiny.
'It's good.
It was a pleasure. "
Fraud awaited Big Jim on his gold mine.
Big Jim looked deep into Black Larson's eyes and saw the soul of a villain.
The pull of his misdeeds dragged Black Larson down to deserved disaster.
As in a dream, a city was born in the wilderness.
People filled it with life, love and lust.
Georgia!
Jack was a womanizer.
Georgia was impulsive, proud and independent.
She worked in the dance hall.
Jack had a lot for her.
That's what she resented him for.
Out of the night, the little guy came into the light of pleasure, into the refuge of lost dreams.
'Be nice to Jack.
I think he really likes you. "
"He likes everyone," Georgia said aloud.
'That's all that bothers me here.
I'd give it all up for a decent guy! '
"One day I will find him."
She turned and searched and searched... and searched.
"Pretty cheeky," Jack thought.
'Don't pretend.
We're dancing now. '
"Play something funny."
"I said," We're dancing. "
"I'm sorry," Georgia said.
To embarrass Jack, she picked out the most miserable Tramp.
"Hey, you! Come here."
Yes, you.
Do you wanna dance? "
"You see, I don't dance with everyone."
The brave cavalier protected her sanctuary fearlessly.
"If you want to catch them, you should put your hat on properly.
"Here, put that in!"
"Well then!
I'm stronger than I thought. '
Hank Curtis' hut was not far away.
Hank was a single engineer who occasionally went on expedition.
He was a good person, our hero was hungry, the beans smelled and the coffee steamed.
He found a way to be invited.
Big Jim recovered from Larson's blow, but lost his memory.
Hanks's partner arrives.
A long expedition awaits them.
The guy is supposed to be guarding Hanks's cabin in time.
'Don't forget to feed the mule. '
The guy hadn't seen Georgia again, but chance brought them together.
When she entered, the whole room shone, the music of romance filled his untrained soul.
When she introduced the group, his heart hummed.
They warmed up, he went to get wood.
That's when his secret was discovered: he loved Georgia.
The women giggled to hide their pity.
In her world it was not advisable to show much heart.
They wanted to pick him up.
They sat in the twilight, their faces sparkling cheekily, but his naive heart kept humming.
She was partying, flirting and petting.
He knew she was joking, but he enjoyed her holding his hand and smiling at him.
"Nice to have you here.
I hope we're allowed to come back. '
What was it?
He enjoyed her human warmth and the lady the warmth of his chair.
Then she left.
And with her, her charm.
He was left with nothing but emptiness and his dreary, lonely existence.
"Sorry, but uh..." He lacked words.
"Are you serious?"
'But, of course.
What do you think, girls? "
"We are coming to the New Year's Eve celebration."
"Done, we're coming to the New Year's Eve party."
Of course she had to forget her gloves!
He then pulled out all the stops to celebrate New Year's Eve.
New Year's Eve - new hopes, new dreams!
Georgia delighted him with her tender smile.
The girls demanded a speech.
He was too happy for that.
The only thing that mattered was Georgia.
He stuttered and finally said:
"Instead of a speech, I want to dance."
And so it came to the bun dance.
If old friends are forgotten
And never to be remembered
If old friends are forgotten
From long past times
For the sake of the old days, my dear ones
For the sake of old times,
It dawned on Georgia at the party that she had promised something.
"Come on, let's visit the guy."
'It's going to be fun.
He's going to be terrified. '
Forget it.
You'd better take care of me. '
Shortly afterwards, Big Jim tried to convince the authorities that he had discovered gold.
"Where is it supposed to be?"
Unfortunately, Big Jim had forgotten that.
All he knew was that it was at the hut.
"The hut, exactly!
"When I get to the hut, I also find the mine.
But I've forgotten. '
"Your girlfriend Georgia is looking for you."
How dare this scoundrel mention it so lightly?
Ready for blows again!
But since he was underweight, he overlooked the insult.
Georgia had actually searched for him and written to him.
While he was looking for Georgia, Big Jim was looking for him.
"You there!" cried Big Jim.
"Exactly the man I am looking for!
The hut!
Where is she?
"Answer, come on!
"Can you speak?
Tell me!
"Where is the cottage?
Where?
"I will find my gold mine.
"On your feet, fast!
'You're coming with me.
Take me to the cabin and I'll make you a millionaire. '
Georgia!
One moment, "the guy said.
"You don't need to explain anything.
"I will save you.
"As soon as I'm back, I'll be back."
Exhausted they reached the hut.
"The worst would be done.
"Get the provisions. Tomorrow we will find the mine.
Take a sip.
It's going to make you feel better. '
"Quite heavy, that lamb chop!"
As usual, fate mixed in. The elements laughed, roared and thundered, but our heroes slept deeply.
Then the morning was grey...
The guy woke up, he'd forgotten about the night, and yet he knew it was "the morning after."
"First clean up and make breakfast."
"I've never had liver problems like this!"
"Do you feel the swing?"
"That's the stomach."
"It's not the stomach."
Let's go over.
Let's see how far it tilts. '
"Something seems to be missing below."
"I'll take a look outside."
'Just don't get upset.
Don't move, don't breathe! "
"I said don't breathe, wooden head!"
"Sometimes you can drive you mad."
"If you just keep calm, everything will be fine."
Proof of character.
Where is your will? "
"Listen." I have an idea.
That's how I can get out first. '
"Do you understand now?
"You have no idea about psychology, no self-control."
That's when Big Jim came across his gold mine.
'Now we're rich.
We're going to be millionaires! '
And so it was.
They wanted to go home, away from the inhospitable Alaska and to the land of Cockaigne:
Live, laugh and indulge in luxury!
They were famous, the press surrounded them.
In their luxury cabin, they were still being courted.
The guy should tell his life:
"From rags to luxury." He said yes.
Jim had a manicure.
"Not the nails, the calluses!"
The reporters wanted a photo in the old rags.
For the sake of humanity.
Georgia!
There she was - and no one knew anything about the other.
Georgia heard about a stowaway.
"She," she said.
"I never thought that would happen."
She thought he was the wanted man.
They wanted to book him in.
But Georgia was willing to pay for him.
"He a stowaway?
This is Big Jim's partner, the millionaire! '
Of course they apologised.
The guy gathered and had the butler take care of the new guest.
"Sorry, but who is the lady?"
What you don't say...
Congratulations!
A great story - with a happy ending! "
And that was it:
a happy ending.
Carl Laemmle presents The Phantom of the Opera
Based on the famous novel by Gaston Leroux
With Lon Chaney, Mary Philbin and Norman Kerry
Directed by Ruper Julian
The Phantom
- Lon Chaney Christine Daae
Mary Philbin
Vicomte Raoul de Chagny
- Norman Kerry Ledoux
- Arthur Edward Carewe
Simon Buquet
- Gibson Gowland Comte Philip de Chagny
- John Salnpolis
Florine Papillon
- Srilla Edwards Carlotta
- Mary Fabian
Carlotta's mother
- Virginia Pearson
Sanctuary of the song lovers,
The Paris Opera House rises nobly above medieval torture chambers, hidden dungeons, long forgotten.
Melody floats through corridors and corridors, even to the offices of the directors, where an extraordinary contract is concluded.
Now the seal of the notary, gentlemen, and you are the happy new owners.
It is hardly possible that you can hear of a ghost, a phantom of opera!
The servant of Box Five will not laugh if you explore the opera spirit!
They are heavy, gentlemen!
We are not children!
Who occupies Box Five?
I don't know.
I only saw the veiled figure of a man who hides his face and refuses to speak!
Is it the Phantom?
The Phantom!
The Phantom is back up from the cellars!
We saw him for a moment... a grey shadow... and he was gone!
He didn't have a nose!
Yes, he had, she was huge!
This man came out of the basements... shortly after we saw the phantom.
Could it be that he...?
Joseph Buquet has really seen the Phantom!
Let's ask him...
His eyes are horrible pearls in which there is no light... like holes in a grinning skull!
His face is like leprosy parchment, yellow skin stretched tightly over protruding bones!
His nose... there is no nose!
Watch out, Buquet... ghosts don't like to be seen or mentioned!
Come on, I'll show you where I saw him... in the backdrop of the third cellar.
I saw him there!
A flash of shadow, and he was gone!
My daughter, Carlotta was insulted!
You, the favorite prima donna of the Paris Opera!
Mademoiselle Carlotta,
Christine will sing the role of Marguerite on Wednesday night!
Any jealous attempt on your part to disrupt the screening will prove disastrous for your career.
The Phantom
"No ghost will scare Carlotta!
On Wednesday night you'll hear them sing! '
On Wednesday night, Mademoiselle was found
Carlotta is strangely ill and Christine Daaé sings "Marguerite."
"What do I hear that Christine prefers a mysterious admirer to yours, Raoul?"
"Do not worry, my dear brother - nothing shall disturb our love."
"I've heard a lot of rumours, Raoul - be careful!"
"At least you made your dream come true, darling, and now we should be married."
"I can never leave the opera, Raoul.
You've got to forget our love. '
From a hidden place behind the walls, a melodic voice, like the voice of an angel, speaks to her.
"Christine, tonight I laid the world at your feet!"
"I have given you the full measure of my art.
You will be victorious - all of Paris will worship you! "
"But I warn you, you must forget all worldly things and think only of your career - and your master!"
"Soon, Christine, this spirit will take shape and demand your love!"
"Call me when you want.
I'll wait. '
In Mlle Carlotta's correspondence another letter appeared, bordered in black!
Mlle Carlotta If you appear tomorrow evening, you must be prepared for a great misfortune, and so I recommend you to be "sick."
"Christine Dae's friends are conspiring again!
But let my daughter sing tomorrow night, come what may! "
My dear directors -The role of "Marguerite" will be sung again tomorrow night by Christine Daae instead of Carlotta
P.S. If you refuse, you will show Faust in a cursed house.
Encouraged by her mother, Carlotta defied every warning and appeared the following evening as "Marguerite."
"So far, so good - for a cursed house!"
I cannot explain it, but you must never intend to see me again.
- Christine.
Watch out!
She's singing to bring down the chandelier! '
"Christine, I came to pick you up."
"I am ready, Master - waiting!"
"Run to your mirror, my love - don't be afraid!"
"Christine, it's me - your master!"
"Don't look under my mask - think more of my affection, which the gift of the song has brought you."
A dark lake, hidden from mankind and the sun, leads to the Phantom's rendezvous.
"I brought you here - five cellars under the ground -"
"- because I love you!"
"I've been waiting for this hour for a long, tired month!"
"So what is good in me, brought about by your purity, could ask for your love."
"That's where I sleep."
"It constantly reminds me of this other dreamless sleep that heals all illnesses - forever!"
"You
- You are the Phantom! "
"If I am the Phantom, it is because the hatred of humanity has made me."
"If I should be saved, it will be because your love redeems me."
"People once knew me as Erik, but for many years I lived in these cellars, an unnamed legend."
Another phantom tragedy
Christine Daae disappears
Opera singer mysteriously disappears after chandelier disaster
The night passed - a night of indefinite horror - tormented dreams -
Christine.
My dear Christine you are in no danger as long as you do not touch my mask.
You will be free as long as your love for the spirit of Eric overcomes your fear. Erik
Don Juan triumphant
"Ever since I first saw your face, this music has sung to me of you and triumphant love!"
"But listen -- there's an ominous undertone of warning!"
"Enjoy your eyes - overwhelm your soul with my cursed ugliness!"
"Oh, angry Christine, who wouldn't listen to my warning!"
"If you love me, as you say, then let me go.
I promise to be your slave forever! "
I will show you the depth of my love.
You may return to your world for now.
You can sing at the opera again. "
"But, remember, you are mine - mine - and you shall not see your lover again!
If you do it, it's death for both of you! '
"Oh, I swear, I swear!
I'll never see him again! '
Although I gave my word never to see you again, I must.
I'll be at Bal Masque tomorrow night, but be careful not to be alone! "Christine
Every year, in one night, the whole of Paris, regardless of the location, mingled at the merry, foolish Bal Masque de l'Opera.
In the midst of the festivities, a ghostly figure walked, dressed in red.
"Under your dancing feet are the graves of tortured men - so the Red Death punishes your merriment!"
High above Paris on the roof of the Opera!
Are we alone, Raoul?
Can anyone hear what we are saying?
I saw him, Raoul!
I've seen the Phantom!
He's a monster - a disgusting beast!
You must save me from him, Raoul!
Mlle Carlotta will never sing again under the spell of his curse.
Tomorrow I will take her place in Faust.
After the performance, you have to take me away! "
I'll be at the stage door.
We will flee to England.
She cheated on me!
Not this way - this way!
That was the opera spirit!
-ERIK-Born during the tabloid massacre autodictatorial musician and master of black art
Exposed to Devil's Island for criminally insane
Fleeing NOW ON FREE FEET
This is your man.
Monsieur le Prefet
- The Phantom of the Opera! "
At nine o'clock the following evening, a mysterious carriage stopped on the side of the opera.
Wait for me at the west gate.
I heard his voice again, Raoul.
He knows our plan - everything. "
Believe in my love, Raoul.
Save me from this monster - oh, save me!
My carriage is waiting outside.
We must leave immediately after the screening!
Dry your tears, sweetheart, and hurry -- you have to get ready for the show!
Come on!
Again the work of the strangler!
It was there!
I saw the body dangling in the air!
My brother -- poor Joseph, he knew too much about the phantom!
The Pandschab-Lasso - the strangler rope!
Murderers!
Hide in the deepest shadows
- but I will get to the bottom of you!
Fear for his brother's safety brought Comte de Chagny to the Opera House that night.
I think I can take you to Christine Daae
- if you act exactly as I tell you.
Who are you to know the secrets of the phantom and reveal them?
I'm Ledoux from the secret police.
I've been studying the phantom for months.
I found his hiding place deep in the torture chambers where he himself was imprisoned during the second revolution.
Keep your hands up - the strangler's noose wraps up quickly!
Your hands up - it's a matter of life and death
The discovery of this trapdoor cost Joseph Buquet his life.
I am a messenger from the shadows
- turn back before you perish!
You lied to me!
Do you think you and your lover can cheat the phantom?
Ungrateful fool!
You spurned the spirit that inspired you
- the spirit that made you great!
Now you will see the evil spirit that is my evil face!
No longer will I be like a toad in these rotten cellars secreting the poison of hate because you will bring me love!
We should be in his hiding place now.
We have fallen in the room of many mirrors the old torture chamber!
I am a man like other men I am not cheated of my happiness!
Raoul!
Raoul!
My brother - where are you?
It seems like we have visitors.
Christine!
Christine!
Can you hear me?
Your voice sounds close.
Try to find a door that leads to us.
Look at you - try to find out where he keeps his keys.
The visitors have left.
I have discovered the Phantom's hideout
- tonight my brother will be avenged!
Have you heard voices?
Maybe we have more visitors.
Heat - unbearable heat!
Fools - do they think their minds have grown?
What do you offer for their lives?
Your answer. Fast - they can only survive a few moments!
Gunpowder!
You have your chance to save him.
Will you be Eric's bride, or do you prefer to see your lover die?
If you turn the scorpion - you said "yes" and spared de Chagny.
Turn the grasshopper and the opera house explodes into a thousand pieces!
I will do anything you say, if only you save her!
End
The Actors The Phantom - Lon Chaney
Christine Daae
- Mary Philbini, Raoul de Chagny
- Norman Kerry
Ledoux
- Arthur Edmund Carawe Simon Buquet
- Gibson GowlandComte Philip de Chagny
- John Sainpolis
Florine Papillon
- Virginia Pearson
CHILDREN FACE
Saint-Luc, a village in the Upper Valais.
The house of the village chief.
On this spring morning, all those who are not prevented by hard work have come because the house has been struck by misfortune.
The village chief: Pierre Amsler. (Victor VINA)
His son Jean. (Jean FOREST)
His daughter Pierrette. (Pierrette HOUYEZ)
A neighbor. (Jeanne MARIE-LAURENT)
The mother of the two children.
"Where is Mama?"
<unk> 's going on a journey. '
'It's just a shock, nothing serious.
A few days of rest and he's back on the dam. '
Canonicus Taillier, Vissoy's pastor, was Jean's godfather. (Henri DUVAL)
And for Amsler, normal daily life went more badly than right.
It pained him to see children and the house so neglected.
... "and that torn sleeve..."
Every evening Jean sent a thought to his mother.
When he looked carefully at her picture, it seemed to him that it was alive and smiled at him.
Like every Sunday.
It was St Martin's Day, payday for the rent.
Her daughter Arlette. (Arlette PEYRAN)
'I can't pay. '
'My husband's fatal accident was allegedly his own fault so the insurance company paid nothing. '
And spring came again.
Amsler passed Jeanne Dutois' field quite often.
The first Sunday in June.
"Jean, my little one, I have something to do.
Go alone. "
"If you want, we can be married before John's Day."
"I'm with my old friend, Father Porchet, for a few days.
How are the children doing? "
"I'm going to get married again."
"My house is empty and no one cares for little Pierrette.
It's better for the kids. '
'And Jean...
Did you tell him about it? "
"No, not yet."
'He's so sensitive.
I think you've got to prepare him very carefully. '
The following day.
"You have something to talk about, I'm leaving."
"And?"
"Couldn't you talk to Jean?
I think you could explain everything much better to him.
He's a good boy but so sensitive... '
"I have an idea!
I'll take him to Vissoy for a few weeks and teach him how to do it carefully. '
"When he comes back, things will have already taken their course and he will get used to the new situation without much suffering."
At dawn, the priest took his godchild with him.
When they had climbed the pass, they descended into the next valley.
At nightfall the church tower of Vissoy came into view.
As soon as the hay arrived, the village chief celebrated his wedding.
"Something changes with you, Jean.
Your father's going to get married again. '
"My little one, you must also think of those you love."
"Do you want your sister Pierrette to be badly brought up and your dad to live sad and alone forever?"
"Do I have to say 'Mama' to her, too?"
"Well... you could call her 'Mother'.
At the end of the month...
With a heavy heart, but full of good intentions, Jean returned to his childhood home.
Everything seemed to him as if he had been gone for years.
Even before he entered the house, he seemed changed.
"What do I want?
Enter my home to thunder! "
"Mum forbade me to let anyone in."
"But I'm Jean, I live here!"
"Who allowed you to use my crayons?"
"Mom."
"Pierrette and I sleep there.
You're sleeping in that little room at the end of the corridor. '
'You've got to listen to me because I'm your mum now.
Then I'll love you, and you're my little boy. '
"And you have to be happy.
I don't like sad, dreamy kids, they're lazy. '
"Yes, Madame."
By afternoon bread.
... "do not quarrel, but love and support each other."
The following Sunday.
Jean has just recognised his mother's brooch.
"What have you got?"
The hostility between the children soon became apparent.
Pierrette and Jean always played on "their island," far from Arlette, who could not get to them.
"Where's your hat?"
One day the attic was cleaned up.
"The fabric is still good, enough for a dress for each of you."
"It's not yours, it's my mum's!"
"Why did you do that?"
"Answer!"
"Answer me!"
"I hate them!
I hate them!
I hate them! "
After a few months, Jean and Arlette hated each other.
My doll!
I've lost my doll! '
'Now it's too late to find her. '
In the evening.
"Ridiculous to cry for a lost doll at your age!"
"Go up, I'll come to you in a moment."
'I'm sure the doll fell off near the bridge. '
'It's not far.
Just go, I'll open the door for you. '
Jean had only wanted Arlette to get in trouble.
Now he began to sense the magnitude of his act.
Lost.
"Do you hear the avalanche?"
The only solution:
Confess everything immediately.
"Are you sick?"
"I want to talk to Dad."
"Go home and pray."
Tormented by fear and guilt, he turned to the image of his mother, but it seemed far away and erased.
Even the portrait failed him.
The next morning.
His father didn't blame him at all.
Jean thought he was scum in the eyes of his family.
He assumed he was a criminal.
"Dear Daddy, goodbye.
I'm a rogue.
I hope you will forgive me.
I'll give you a hug, Jean. '
"I will go away forever."
"Since you forgive me, would you hug me?"
"Mom."
THE END
THE IMAGINARY JOURNEY by Renè Clair (1925)
One summer morning in a small town in the country.
A poor and shy man on his way to work in a bank.
Auguste, a worker.
Albert, another employee.
Lucie, a typist.
The bank manager.
Rosa Koslex, "authorized" hand reader.
"I see three men you love!"
"You will marry the man you love!"
"You will marry the woman you love!"
"A beautiful future!"
This afternoon...
"Jean, don't get upset with me!"
'I don't love Albert. '
My dear Jean, it's you I love.
Here's your engagement ring.
Your Lucie.
"Thanks to your kiss I have regained my strength.
Look... "
'I'm a fairy!
A hundred years ago, a sorcerer stole my powers.
Only the kiss of a young man could restore them... "
"Follow me: you shall be rewarded!"
"We are in the hospice for old fairies."
"Nowadays, no one believes in fairies any more.
So, my old sisters have locked themselves in this cave. "
"They want you to kiss them... all of them!"
"Step back!"
This is Sylvaine, an evil fairy.
Watch out, she's really bad!
"These are your old friends, The Puss in Boots..."
"Bluebeard..."
"...
Cinderella and the Prince... "
"Be glad, the fairies give you immortality.
You will live with us forever! "
"I don't want to live forever if Lucie is not with me!"
"Since you cannot be without them, we should bring them here!"
"Look, here's your fiancée!"
"I wanted your friends to be here too!"
A fascinating life begins.
Thanks to these two lovers, an atmosphere of tenderness pierced the ancient cave of fairies.
"The evil Silvayne is jealous of Lucie.
I fear their power.
Lucie's got to go. '
"Take this as a souvenir.
With this ring all you have to do is... make a wish and it will come true! "
"If I accept to leave the girl to you, you must solemnly promise something that will ensure her happiness!"
"Repeat: with all my heart I want to be like a faithful dog to Lucie"
A dog!
"We made it!
His oath has transformed him.
Suddenly he became a dog! "
But where's Jean?
"Jean said we would meet here."
For the thief, the ring has lost its magical power.
'Don't wait for Jean.
That damn ring turned him into a dog!
He's in your hand! '
"Jean, is that you?"
At midnight...
Through the power of imagination, with a normal ring, Jean has regained his confidence.
THE END
A German folk tale
See:
"Open the gates of darkness, and the terrors of the peoples chase over the earth..."
Back!
Stop!
Why do you scourge humanity with war, plague, famine?
! "
"Mine is the earth!"
"The earth will never be yours!
Man is good: his spirit strives for truth! "
"Look down there!"
"Wonderful are all things heaven and earth!
But the greatest miracle... is the freedom of man: to choose between good and evil! "
"Did you see Faust?"
"A rogue like all!
He teaches good and he drives evil!
He will create gold, and the stone of the wise.
Look at his greed! "
"What is the bet:
I'm wresting God's soul from you! '
"Can you destroy the divine in Faust: Yours be the earth!"
"No man resists evil!
The bets are off.
"The plague!...
The plague! "
Terribly, the plague spread:
In a few days half the city was dying!
Day and night Faust wrestled with God in prayer to find a cure for the plague.
And there was a cry throughout the land of Egypt, for there was not a house in which there was not a dead man.
"Bless the work of salvation Lord my God, only you can help in this iammer!"
"Help... Help!
My mom's dying! '
The city was filled with agony and agony...
"Repent, fast and pray!
Faith only conquers death! "
"Be in awe of death!"
'We don't know when it will hit us!
Until then we want to live and enjoy! "
"Whoever believes will live!
But death will crush the wicked! "
The plague!
The plague! "
"Mercy, fist!
Only you can save us! "
"Let go of me!
We are lost!
It doesn't help to believe, it doesn't help to know!
Everything is a lie... "
You, Serr God, are merciful to us of great kindness,
The Triple Mighty Key to the Infernal Spirits Force
And if you want the Lord of darkness to help you and give you all the power and glory of the world, go to a crossroads and call upon Him three times...
"I call upon you for help, Spirit of Darkness! Appear!"
"Appear, demon of evil!"
"As you call yourself with your hellish name:
MEPHISTO Appears! "
"You called me!"
"Here I am!"
I unleash God and his heavenly hosts
"Get away from me, Satan!"
"One day out of this impotence!"
One day!
Try!
A rehearsal day! "
"When the glass has filled..."
... "you are free to reclaim the pact! Sign!"
Power glory
"Can you help the hungry and the sick?"
"Whatever you desire, I will fulfill it for you: you are the Lord, I am your servant!"
"A drop of blood!"
"Blood is a very special juice!"
"For a day...?!"
"Until the glass is filled!"
Fist!
Help us! "
"So I help in the name of the devil!"
"A miracle!
What a miracle! "
"I will always pray to the Crucified One for you, if you heal them!"
"He cannot look at the Holy Cross!"
"The devil is in league with him!
Stone him!
Stone him! "
"Deliver me, drink of death!"
"You must not escape from me!
Remember the pact! But the trial day is not over! "
"Death is free for all men!"
"Is this death?"
"It is life, Faust, that punches you in the face with your youth!"
"Poor fist, why do you seek death: you have not yet lived!"
"I hate life!"
"Your life was nothing but book dust and rubbish!
Enjoyment is everything! "
"I'm too old!"
"I offer you the highest happiness: the youth!
Grab it! "
"Give me the youth!"
"We sang to the old man!"
"To her... to her!"
"Step on my coat..."
... "And the earth revolves around you!"
"The wedding of the Duchess of Parma, the most beautiful woman in Italy!"
"Strange guests!"
"Worshipping the supreme beauty, my Lord brings you the treasures of his realms!"
"The rehearsal day is over!
The glass is full!
Be who you were!
"The youth...
leave me the youth! "
"Forever fall in love with me!"
"You've tasted life thoroughly, Faust!
From intoxication to intoxication... a tumble without equal! But nothing satisfies you! "
"Do you want a woman a card game, a bacchanal?
Whatever you wish for, I must fulfill it for you! "
"Do you want the emperor's crown?!"
"Homeland!"
"Bring me home!
And right now! "
"Is there a feast in your city today?"
"You probably come from the Turkish land, that you hear nothing of holy Easter?!"
"As if life always stands still:
It's all still the same...! '
"An innocent smile that runs to the priest... around the vicarage...
It's not for you! '
"Praise the Lord, the mighty King of glory..."
"Vacation, Mother!"
"I know you here, more pleasing whores!"
'I just want her!
You do what I command! "
"Brother Valentine!"
"Once she has this golden chain in the house, she will feel the devil's power!"
"Potz Blitz how pretty you are!"
"What about the suitor?"
"What have you got, child?"
"Tell her, my child, if you don't want to tell me!"
"May I go to Muhme Marthe?"
"Mrs. Marthe Schwerdtlein."
"Three drops of this love potion make all women's hearts after you great!"
"Look, Muhme Marthe, what I found one of my ark..!"
"A rich treasure! confess it!"
"I found in my drawer!"
"Just let me put on the beautiful necklace once!"
"A bouquet for the groom, a wreath for the bride..."
"Excuse me, beautiful woman, I am looking for Mrs. Marthe Schwerdtlein!"
"From your cousin from Lombardy...!"
"He gave me this necklace as a gift for you!"
"Whoever we close in a row, he shall be our sweetheart...!"
"One, two, three, set yourself free..."
"Forgive me: my stomach is too weak for such a fiery drink!"
"Allow me to mix myself a tear, as I learned in Padua!"
"My friend, a prince of the noblest blood!"
Love me...
"Yes, he loves you with all his heart!"
"She loves me....
"She loves you!"
"I am yours forever!"
"He loves me...!"
"What are you waiting for!?
The darling shines even on your way...!
'Damn it! '
"I keep my brother away!"
"The prettiest girl in town!"
"There is no girl like your sister:
Gretchen shall live! "
"A pretty girl is not good!"
"Gretchen shall live!"
"Your Gretchen shall live!"
"Hurry up, you boobies sneak out of Gretchen's chamber!"
"Away... away...
You murdered him! "
"Murder!"
"Murder!... Murder...!"
"Murder!...
Murder...
Murder...! '
Gone!
...
Away!
The crooks are looking for the murderer! "
"Don't touch me, you whore! Your lover murdered me!"
"Read me the funeral mass first!
Then: to the pillory with the harlot! "
'Gretchen...
Gretchen...! "
"The earth and the universe will tremble when the dead rise to answer their Lord..."
"Once the judge has taken his seat, concealment will no longer be pious..."
"Everything must come to light!"
Mother...
Mom! '
"And has brought a child, in the middle of cold winter..."
"Have mercy on my child!"
"Aren't you Gretchen, who was pilloried?!"
Mercy!
Pity!
My child is dying! "
"She killed her child, the murderer!"
Fist...
Fist... help Gretchen! "
"Mephisto!"
"You betrayed me!
She's suffering... she's suffering! '
"The child murderer at the stake!"
"Save, save Gretchen!"
Too late!
They're already arming your mob! '
"You are also my servant!
Bring me to her otherwise the pact will be broken! "
"My boy is waiting!
Quickly, before the mornings rise! "
"Faster...
Faster! '
"Oh, I would never have wished for the youth that created such Iammer!
Cursed... cursed is the delusion of youth!...
"You cursed the youth yourself!
Whatever you wish for I must fulfil it for you! "
"Be who you were: an old man!"
"Forgive me... forgive me my guilt!"
"There is no way for you here!"
"It is my pact!"
"One word will destroy your pact!"
"What is the name of the word?"
The Word that resounds through creation, the word that satisfies all pain and sorrow, the word that atones for all human guilt, the eternal Word, do you not know?! "
"What is the name of the word?"
Love
THE END
Under the law
Film production of the story
"The Unexpected" by Jack London
A production by Goskino
Third work of the Kulešov collective
Screenplay
- Viktor Šklovskij
Directed by
- Lev Kulešov
Assistance
- B. Svešnikov
Camera
- Konstantin Kuznecov
The Yukon
Gold fever had drawn them to this lonely shore.
Irishman Michael Dennin (Vladimir Fogel ')
Chairman Hans Nelson, a Swede (Sergei Komarov)
Nelson's wife, the Englishwoman Edith (Aleksandra Chochlova)
The shareholder Dutchy (Porfirij Podobed)
The shareholder Harkey (Petr Galadev)
Nothing can be extracted from this mine, we have to look elsewhere.
Go Dennin, pack the instruments, and we'll move on!
The company's mine.
Gold.
Gold.
Fortune stayed with the company throughout the winter.
Small house - great luck!
It went on with the gold laundering and the gold mining.
It was me who found the gold, and they're making me the laundress here.
Spring was coming.
Lunch
Dennin is missing, he's not hungry anymore.
Well done, Mr Dennin.
Stop!
Stop!
Stop it...
He's alive.
Not without law - this is a white man!
The weather turned abruptly.
One inch per hour.
I'm going to kill you anyway!
He's dead...
The two graves are ready, if the Yukon does not flood them...
In darkness and storms, the two murder victims set off for their icy tombs.
After rain and storms, the icy surface of the Yukon was covered with water.
Day after day passed in paralysing silence.
Man or woman - one of them always sat next to the criminal.
Kill me!
Give me a drink!
The ice broke on the Yukon.
Day.
Night.
Day again.
What are you going to do with me?
We will deal with you according to the law.
I'm so tired, so tired...
Tobacco is not enough.
Give me back my tobacco!
Not without law!
Now came Edith's birthday.
Don't worry!
Get here!
For you - a birthday present...
Shave me...
Shave him!
Today is my birthday!
Why did you do it?
It seemed so terribly easy to me.
And you always said I would end up on the gallows!
Days passed, but it was not expected that the law would come sooner than in a few weeks.
Let's pass judgment.
Not today, today is Sunday!
The Queen of England
Edith insisted that the trial be conducted under English law, as the criminal was a subject of the Queen.
Defendant, you are Irish, so we will judge you on behalf of Queen Victoria.
The Judges
The witnesses
The jurors
The verdict
Michael Dennin, according to royal law, you will be hanged... and you will hang until you are dead.
Dead... dead...
I spoke well.
As with us in court...
Well, now it's all over.
They say this death does not cause pain...
The appointed time had come.
Lord have mercy, Lord have mercy, have mercy on us!
If I had to do it for you, Hans, I couldn't have done it better!
The Execution
May God receive you repentant sinners!
Here - may it bring you happiness!
End
One sixth of the Earth
A production of Goskino Moscow
First edition:
From border to border
Distribution of Sovkino. 1926
Author Dziga Vertov
Assistant to director E. Svilova
Chief cameraman:
M. Kaufman.
Other cameramen:
I. Belyakov, S. Bendersky, P. Zotov
N. Konstantinov, A. Lemberg
N. Strukov, J. Tolchan I - In the Land of Capital
I see the golden chain of capital
Foxtrot
Machines
and you
I see you and you and you and you
I see you in the service of capital
more machines
more
and more
But the worker still has it just like that... just as hard...
I see colonies
the capital
Colonies
Slaves
the capital
Slaves
From blacks to amusement
Chocolate children
the capital
Toys
Cannons
Hate
Cramps
On the verge of historic doom, capital is enjoying itself
You who bathe sheep in the waves
And you who bathe sheep in the brook,
You
in the halls of Dagestan
You
in the Siberian Taiga
You
so as not to get lost
you in the tundra
on the river Pechora
in the ocean
and you who threw off the rule of capital and opened the way to a new life in October
You
Tartars
You
Buryats
Uzbeks
Kalmyk
Khakas
Mountain dwellers of the Caucasus
Your Komi from the Komi region
and you from afar
her at the reindeer races
and you at the feast of goat slaughter
at the signal of the steamers
with Zurna and drum
you with the grapes
Her by the rice
you who eat their raw reindeer meat... you who drink from the breast of your mother
And you, brave centenarian
you mother who you play with your child
you child that you play with the captured Arctic fox
you who stretch the reindeer
And you who wash the laundry with your feet
And you who sit here in the auditorium
you knee deep in the grain
knee deep in the water
You who spin her flax in the spinning room
You who spin wool in the mountains
You are all the masters of the Soviet earth
In your hands is the sixth part of the earth
From the Kremlin to the Chinese border
From the Matochkin Strait to Bukhara
From Novorossiysk to Leningrad
From the lighthouse at the Arctic Circle to the mountains of the Caucasus
From the golden eagle on the arm of the Kyrgyz, to the eiders on the rocks of the Arctic Sea to the owls of the North
Everything is in your
Hands up
The buffalo belong to you
the goats at the river Ulu-Usen
the camels of the Kyrgyz steppe
the reindeer
the Siberian squirrel
the polar fox in the trap
The Marten
the brown bear
the sable found in the far north
the Karakul sheep
Everything is yours
Your factories
Your work
Your oil
Your cotton
and the sheep
the wool
the wool
the wool
Your fat
the fish
Your flax
Your tobacco
and your immense wealth... belongs to you...
On all roads of the Soviet Union roll goods for export
via dirt roads
over mountain paths
and with camel caravans
and where the two-wheeled carts of buffalo are harnessed
where nomads drive their flocks
where the flocks cross the river
where fruits are packed in boxes
and where the wogule ties the knot with its teeth
where flax is brought to the port for export
GOSTORG (State Trade Organization)
Where the cisterns and tanks are full of sunflower oil
where the caviar is shipped
the cattle
the cement
where the grain... flows in an endless stream into foreign cargo ships
and where there is no way
where you cannot meet a single human being over a distance of thousands of versts
in the severe frost
in the snowdrifts of the endless tundra they fight their way through to the nearest collection point of the state trade organization so that they can deliver their spoils... for export to capitalist countries
Far away at the Arctic Circle where the sun does not set half the year
Every year steamers of the state trade organization with dogs with flour come to them in Novaya Zemlja.
The Samoyeds are guests of the sailors
from the gramophone they hear Lenin himself
After 24 hours the steamer leaves again and carries furry animal skins with her
and these skins come to the Leipzig fair and in the capitalist country... the skins, captured by Tungusic, Ostyak, Samoyedic, are exchanged for machines for the Soviet Union for machines that produce machines again
Thus the country builds proletarian dictatorship, and even the peoples who still live in the patriarchy through the expansion of state trade.
together with small and medium-sized farmers, who bring their grain to the cooperative with the farmers who get a tractor through the cooperative for the collective farming of the soil.
together with the workers in the socialist factory
with the workers in the socialist factory
The Black Sea
The Black Sea
and yours in the sea on the Baltic shore frozen
Ship frozen in the ice
and one who disappears into an icy, unknown distance
Here and there they dig the earth with a stick
here and there are women with veiled faces
Some people still pray the rosary
Some people are acting crazy
Somewhere the shaman still does magic
there are still places where you perform a rejuvenation rite for women
There are still places where the god Menkwa is sacrificed
Slowly the old disappears... just as you disappear into the icy distance
They still believe in the help of Muhammad
nor do they believe in the help of Christ
to the help of Buddha
or like the Tungus...
I see you
Black Sea and your sea on the Baltic shore frozen
Ship frozen in the ice
And you, Icebreaker Lenin
You break the ice with your chest
We are clearing the way... for our cargo ships to exchange our grain and our furs
for machines that produce machines again so that there is even earlier growth of our own production of machines
I see a woman who has thrown off the veil
Another woman who works among the women of the East
a Samojede Komsomolzin reading the newspaper Der Nordländer
Buryats and Mongols who read the Buryato- Mongolskaya Pravda
Mongolian children who join a pioneering department
A polar laboratory will be set up to support the reindeer breeders
Irrigation canals are built by low-water steppes
The electric light bulb comes into the farmhouse
A Reading House
Ostrovsky
- Reading House
- Library
and a radio talk
Volkhovstroy
Works even more works
I see that we want to produce ourselves not only Kattun but also the machines we need for the production of Kattun
we want to produce not only tractors but also the machines to produce the tractors
We are building a complete socialist society in our country
We are a draw for the workers of the West
a point of attraction for the people of the East who are already rising up to fight against the yoke of capital
oppressed countries that are gradually falling away from world capital
They will pour into the stream of the united socialist economy
into the stream of the united socialist economy
End
Spring 1861. "Western Atlantic Flyer" in full flight to Marietta, Georgia.
There were two great loves in his life.
His locomotive... and...
"Fort Sumter has been shot at."
"Then the war caught up with us."
"Yes, Father, and I would like to volunteer as one of the first."
"Don't you want to get in touch?"
"Her name?"
"Profession?"
"Train drivers at Western and Atlantic Railway Company."
Refuse.
As a train driver he's more useful to the south. '
'We don't need you. '
"Profession?"
"Bartenders"
"Don't blame me if you lose the war."
"Did Johnnie come forward?"
"He didn't even line up."
"He is a disgrace to the South."
"Why didn't you come forward?"
'They wouldn't take me. '
'Please don't lie to me...
I won't talk to you again until you wear a uniform. '
A year later.
At a Union field camp north of Chattanooga.
General Thatcher and his chief spy, Captain Anderson.
"I know every inch of the railway line from Marietta to Chattanooga. I can't fail with ten chosen men."
"We pretend to be civilians from neutral Kentucky who want to join the cause of the South."
"In Big Shanty, we steal the train while everyone is eating. Towards the north, we will burn down all the bridges... cutting off the enemy army from supplies."
"On the same day that you steal the train, I will have General Parker advance to meet you."
"As soon as I arrive, I will tell you how badly Father has been wounded."
Big Shanty.
Twenty minutes for dinner. "
"Three men stole my" General. "
Probably deserters. "
"Why not stop and fight against them?"
"I'm afraid they are far outnumbered."
The South Army outside Chattanooga has been ordered to withdraw.
General Parker's victorious Northern Army advances.
"There is only one man on this locomotive."
In enemy territory... hopelessly lost, helpless, freezing and terribly hungry.
"Tomorrow morning at 9 a.m., our supply trains will join General Parker's Army at the Rock River Bridge."
"Then the army, supported by our supply, will launch a surprise attack on the left wing of the rebels."
"Once our troops have crossed that bridge, nothing can stop us."
"This girl was in the baggage carriage when the train was robbed. I thought it was best to take her with me."
"We will stay here until morning to see where we are."
"It was so brave of you to risk your life in enemy territory just to save me."
After a good, quiet and restful night's sleep.
"We have to somehow come back to our people to warn them of the imminent attack."
"I get this spy before he reaches the southern lines.
They'll follow suit with the supply trains as planned. '
"We need to gather more firewood."
The Rock River Bridge.
The Northern Division is approaching to join the trains.
"The bridge doesn't burn enough to stop you. My men will wade through the river."
Hero of the day.
"Is that your uniform?"
"I had to wear them to get through enemy lines."
"Take off your clothes!"
"Write down the lieutenant."
"Profession?"
"Soldier."
This song of a man and his wife... plays everywhere and nowhere.
It can be heard in any place, at any time.
For wherever the sun rises and sets, in the bustle of the city or under the open sky in the countryside, life is the same:
Sometimes bitter, sometimes sweet.
Summertime... holiday time
Among the vacationers was a woman from the city.
Several weeks have passed since her arrival, and she still remains.
"They were like children, carefree..."
always happy and laughing... "
'Now he's ruining himself because of this woman from the city.
"Money lenders raid the farm and his wife is alone."
"Tell me, are you all mine?"
"Sell your farm.
Come to town with me. "
"And my wife?"
"Could she not be... drowned?"
"Capsize the boat and it looks like an accident."
"Leave it all behind you.
Come with me to the city. "
"Come with me to the city!"
"When the boat capsized, save yourself with the reed."
Spread it out on the shore in time, and tell everyone she's drowned. '
"We take a trip over the water.
I'll be away for a while. '
"Don't be afraid of me!"
"Don't be afraid of me!"
"God entrusts her to you in the holy covenant of marriage.
Guide and love her. "
"Protect and protect them from all evil."
"Will you love them?"
"'Forgive me!"
"Manicure?"
"You look fabulous with polished nails!"
"Beware us again!"
"Thank you!
You've got to come and see us. '
The sweetest bride this year. "
If you want to sell the farm and move to the city...
"Hit the hole and the piglet slips!"
"We sail home in the moonlight."
"I did not give up hope.
I know the tides and I looked around. "
OCTOBER A Production of SOWKINO 1927-1928
We dedicate our film to the Petrograd proletariat, the first creator of October.
On behalf of the October Anniversary Commission at the Bureau of the ZEK of the USSR
Director: N.I. PODWOJSKI
Written and directed by:
S.M. EISENSTEIN and G.V. ALEXANDROW
camera: EDUARD TISSE
Only under the iron leadership of the Communist Party can the victory of the masses be guaranteed.
Our autocratic great majesty to the emperor Alexander Alexandrovich.
February
To all!
To all!
To all!
To all!
TO ALL!
Long live the provisional government!
To all!
To all!
To all!
TO ALL?
It means:
Brother!
Brother!
The Provisional Government... will fully respect all the commitments it has made to our allies.
A POUND
A HALF POUND
A FOURTH
One eighth
Everything is the same.
Hunger and war.
But in front of the Finnish railway station.
On April 3
- ER.
ULYANOV
LENIN
Down with the Provisional Government!
All power to the Soviets!
Long live the socialist revolution!
The socialist, but not the bourgeois...
The ministers of the capitalists bring neither peace nor bread nor land.
"The July Days."
Down with the ministers capitalists!
Down with the Provisional Government!
There were meetings at the palace of the Kshesinskaya.
The insurrection is premature!
A spontaneous uprising is doomed to failure!
The Bolsheviks call for a peaceful demonstration.
Brasov.
When the time comes, the Party will lead you.
At the corner of Sadovaya and Nevsky.
Where the "Evening" and the "New"
"Time."
Editorial staff of the newspaper "Wetzherneye Vremya"
Saving the flag...
A Bolshevik!
The government had ordered the bridges to be pulled up,
to cut the working class districts off from the centre.
The victors threw the Bolshevik Pravda into the water.
The Machine Gun Regiment.
Because of his solidarity with the workers...
"Traitors"
Traitor!
Bolsheviks!
Staff of the Military Organization (Bolsheviks)
Petrograd Party Committee of the Bolsheviks.
The Dictator
Commander in Chief -
of the army and fleet
Prime Minister
etcetera, etcetera, etcetera.
The hope of the homeland and the revolution -
A. F. Kerensky.
Tsar's lackeys.
Ah, WHAT a Democrat!
The Democrat at the Tsar's door.
Traitor!
"Traitors"
Bolsheviks
In illegality.
Lenin - in the tabernacle.
In the apartments of Alexandra Fyodorovna...
Alexander Fyodorovich
In the private library of Nikolai II.
Order to reinstate the death penalty.
The revolution is in danger!
General.
Kornilov attacks.
All in defense of Petrograd!
Kornilov attacks!
In the name of God and the homeland.
In the name
God.
In the name of HEIMAT.
Hurrah!
Hurrah!
Hurrah!
General Kornilov
Two Bonapartes.
Kornilov attacks
with the wild division,
with English tanks.
And the government?
The government is powerless
We will not let the General through!
The government was forced to open the prisons.
"Traitors"
"Traitors"
Bolsheviks.
The government opened the arsenal.
The Petrograd Proletariat
took the defense into his hands.
Defence staff.
SMOLNY
"Traitors"
"Traitors"
Bolsheviks
The Wild Division
A Bolshevik leaflet... in the mother tongue.
For bread!
For peace!
For country!
For brotherhood!
The fraternity.
And...
General Kornilov was arrested.
Proletarians, learn to handle the gun!
The Petrograd Soviet gathered fighting troops.
The Petrograd Committee forged the will for victory.
On October 10, the Bolshevik Central Committee decided on an armed insurrection.
The Second Congress of the Soviets was called for October 25.
The question of power will be asked at the Congress.
On the 24th it is too early.
On the 25th.
The party had organized its staff of insurrection.
The Revolutionary Military Committee
City map of Petersburg and its immediate vicinity
On the night of 25.
They were prepared.
On the morning of the 25th.
Called by the Revolutionary Military Committee, the Aurora entered the city for the decisive battle.
Once again, bridges have been raised in the city.
Once again the working class districts were cut off from the centre.
The contact between these districts and the Centre has been restored.
Fighting troops went ashore.
The Composite Cossack Regiment!
The Minister of War speaks.
Why are the Cossacks not there?
They are already saddling the horses.
Neutrality.
At the head of the faithful troops...
- Crush...
Gentlemen!
The junkers marched to defend the palace.
A commissar of the Provisional Government.
Members of the Death Battalion.
To the last drop of blood!
In the Nikolai II billiard room
The barricades grew in defense of the government.
At the call of the Revolutionary Military Committee.
From the city districts to Smolny.
Class leader
Faction of the Mensheviks
Mensheviks.
Commissioners
To the Telegraph...
To the "phone..."
On your marks!
To the Second Soviet Congress... the delegates assembled.
Meeting of the Mensheviks in room No. 16.
Comrade delegates!
The Social Revolutionary faction meeting in room 20.
... From the Front From the East From Kronstadt From Ukraine From Siberia...
It recognized me, the rabble!
From illegality to Smolny.
On the call from 10 a.m.
The Provisional Government has been overthrown... October 25, 1917 at 10: 00 in the morning.
It's already - evening.
The Provisional Government.
The head.
The members.
They also issued an appeal to the people.
Only the Constitutional Assembly is the true master of Russian lands...
Meanwhile, in Smolny.
The Menshevik-Social-Revolutionary ZEK opened the session of the Congress.
Long live the All Russian Congress of sailors and soldiers deputies!
Comrades!
We have a question ahead of us.
This question - is the power issue.
The Provisional Government is the only people's power.
It also solves the power issue.
But different...
Military Revolutionary Committee
City map of Petersburg and its immediate vicinity
The Bolsheviks organized a military conspiracy against legitimate power.
Instead of bread, hunger and disruption await us!
The Bolsheviks will perish in the confusion!
But the revolution will also perish!
NEVER!
NEVER!
Down with the henchmen of the bourgeoisie!
The elections to the new ZEK.
The list of Mensheviks and Social Revolutionaries.
Not enough...
Now the list of Bolsheviks.
All power to the Soviets
A steel ring of Red Guard troops had surrounded the Winter Palace.
In order to avoid bloodshed, it is proposed to surrender.
Twenty minutes to think.
Revolutionary Military Committee.
PARLAMENTARY
Uncle?
Aunt?
Fellow countryman!
The final ultimatum to your government.
They are waiting for the answer.
THEY WAIT
Rodin Spring
One by one, the female military surrendered.
It was approaching midnight.
At 10...
At 11...
Agitators of Smolny broke into the Winter Palace, to the Cossack battery.
Through the cellars of the Hermitage.
The Winter Palace has 1100 rooms.
In the main courtyard, where the Cossack battery stood.
The agitators did their job.
Officer!
How dare you leave your post?
!
Junker!
Damn!
Cursed!
First steps
Gentlemen Junker!
We were given an ultimatum.
We are not abandoning the homeland to the German spies - to the Bolsheviks.
But one floor higher...
The agitators did their job.
How do you want to take power?
Gentlemen.
Bolsheviks!
The army is not with you!
The front is not with you!
YOU LIED!
YOU LIED!
You speak on behalf of the staff!
The 12th Army
is with the Bolsheviks.
Comrades!
Enjoyed!
The cyclist
ARE FOR THE SOVJETS!
She surrendered!
The Cossack artillery... betrayed the...
There is no answer yet.
NO ANSWER
But at the congress the Mensheviks "sang."
This sad misunderstanding must be resolved peacefully...
Without violence...
Without bloodshed...
The Bolsheviks are raping the historical trials.
There will be no peace!
There will be no bread!
The time for words has run out!
FOR PEACE!
FOR BREAD!
FOR LAND!
The signal!
Committee to save the homeland and the revolution.
Save the Provisional Government.
Saving the government?
!
Yes, that's the head of the city.
FORWARD!
The Tsarina's bedchamber.
"What did we fight for?
! "
Away with Kerensky!
Gentlemen, let us treat them with dignity.
ALL ARE FESTIVAL
On behalf of the Military Revolutionary Committee, I declare the Provisional Government overthrown.
Saint Petersburg
Moscow
New York
berlin
London
Paris
THE WORKERS - AND FARMERS REVOLUTION IS FULLY USED
Translation: unknown Transcript: arcchancellor
The Docks of New York
The waterfront of New York is the terminus of many journeys and the beginning of many adventures.
Miles of docks wait day and night for wicked sailors and their cargo.
Ships arrive and rest 1- 2 days from their endless journey from port to port.
These are the days before there was heavy oil and the heaters were still paid for with sweat and coal dust.
"Well, Bill!
We just made it on time with the barge! "
"Pick up the garbage!
Nobody goes ashore until this hole is clean! "
"We'll leave tomorrow morning."
"You have a night ashore.
If you come back drunk, you'll put on a double shift tomorrow! '
"He is the biggest choleric I know, really bad!"
"He probably thinks we're just going ashore to play groundhog!"
The sandbar, just one length away from the wharf, which is also the scene of the boom.
That night it was fresh and stormy.
Protect his soul and give the money to Harry.
"This is my husband!"
"Well, Andy!
I bet you weren't expecting me here! '
In night and fog the stoker goes ashore.
"Hey, Bill!
This is not a place to catch a woman! "
Come on, Bill.
They'll take care of her! '
"Okay, Bill!
Be a hero and leave your comrades behind! "
"But think of Singapore and remember what happened in Shanghai!"
"Well, you gave me the gig.
That was 3 years ago, what do you think I should do? "
"Let's leave before the police come!"
"Order her a hot drink!"
"A hot toddy!"
"You can't get in here!
She's only got underwear on! '
"So you're the guy who saved my life?"
You could have saved yourself the trouble of reading me die. "
"All right!
Just think that you died and just start over again! "
"You left all the dirt in the river, baby.
All you need is a good time! "
"I've had a lot of nice moments."
'You've never gone out with Bill Roberts. '
"Dry yourself off before you catch a cold!"
"Would you be interested?"
"Well, I mean..."
"After a month in the coal bunker, I have no sympathy for anyone who wants to leave this beautiful world like this!"
"Throw yourself into new clothes and give me a chance!"
"Well, Bill Roberts, I'll give you a chance."
"Anyway, I can make a hole in the water."
"Do they leave me alone so that I can at least be on my own, or do I have to take a place far away?"
"I thought you wanted your tie, Bill."
"Isn't she beautiful?"
"You better listen to my advice and stay away from it!"
"Go away, boy!
I just want to talk to your girlfriend. "
"You may be someone on the ship, but here you are just animal food."
"Damn, you're strong!"
"I bet you knew a lot of women."
"I don't brag about my affairs."
'Me neither. '
"Have you ever been married, Bill?"
"Who would marry someone like me?"
"Um.. I don't know, but some women would."
"Baby, have you ever been married?"
"Who would marry someone like me?"
"I sailed the seven seas, but I never saw a ship that was as well cared for as you were."
"It's not funny when you rock me like that."
"Answer me!
Why do you think I'm kidding you? '
"What have you ever done worse that makes you worthless than me?
I'd marry you in a minute! '
"I will marry you from the spot!"
'You don't know Bill Roberts!
I'd take anyone else! '
"Bring me a priest, he will reunite me with my girlfriend!"
"Come back immediately Bill, don't make a fool of yourself!"
"This is the bride!"
"I'd better tell hymn book Harry before he demolishes the shop!"
"I will do it before our Nell!
I'm going to marry her, here and now! '
"Do you think he can bring you to your senses with marriage?"
'I don't know what to think anymore. '
"Until I got married, I was decent!"
"I will give you a marriage you will never forget!"
"Where is your certificate?"
"Do you want to spoil the fun just because you need a piece of paper?"
"Bill, if he desperately needs it, will get it tomorrow first."
"Isn't it, Bill?"
Honourable mention, Parson.
That's the first thing tomorrow morning! '
"Let the old man do it!
I'm going to marry you. '
"If any of you have an objection to why they can't get married, talk now or keep quiet forever!"
"Does it really mean so much to you?"
"Beloved, we are gathered here before God and in the presence of the congregation"
"- to lead this man and this woman into the sacred state of marriage."
'Marriage is an honourable good... but it's not easy. '
"Will you take this woman to be your wife?"
"Will you love them, protect them, honor them, in sickness and in health, will you renounce all others as long as you both live?"
"Yes, I will!"
'I'll. '
"Give me the ring."
"Here is mine
- I hope he brings you more luck than me! "
"Here's your this year, Parson.
Like won, like lost! "
"I expect them to bring me the certificate tomorrow morning.
Then I'll give them the money. '
"What is this celebration about?"
"I thought you were married and wanted to settle down."
"But how did you get rid of them?"
"Who said what about getting rid of it?"
"I know you, Bill Roberts!
You can cheat on them, but not me! "
"Which woman threw the shoe?"
"You don't know what it means to me, Bill!"
"I'll be a good wife, Bill."
The next morning.
"Do you have a match, boss?"
"I guess you can't remember last night?"
"Were they never young, boss?
I was just having a bit of fun! "
"I suppose you've forgotten that you're married, too."
"Boss, last night is over.
Today is a new day! "
"Maybe for you, but not for me.
The brawl will cost you your job! "
"One ship is as good as the next, boss.
Like any port in a storm! "
"Disappear or my husband will kill you!"
"Don't fool me!"
"Don't let Bill Roberts stand between us, you know he'll never come back!"
"You filthy liar!
He's coming back! '
"Get a stretcher quickly, the guy is in a bad condition!"
"You're not going anywhere, keep your mouth shut!"
"I warned you!
Shoot me while you still have time! "
'I'm her husband. '
<unk> didn't shoot him.
The child could not even hurt a fly! "
'Nobody but me shot him, and I'm entitled to that recognition. '
"I am his wife, at least he often made me feel like it!"
"Why didn't you say that before?"
'I didn't care before. '
"I hope you're luckier than me, but I don't think so."
"I don't expect you to come back to help me."
"Baby you don't need my help."
"Are you off, Bill?"
'Baby I'm sorry.
Leaving is in an hour and I've never missed a ship in my life. '
"Can you give me another minute to get used to it, Bill?"
"I never thanked you for pulling me out of the water."
"It's okay!"
"I never thanked you for the beautiful clothes you bought me."
"No cause."
"I guess I'm supposed to thank you for allowing me to be your decent wife."
'Now listen, you can't hurt me.
I've never done a decent thing in my life. '
'I've always been like that.
No force in the world could keep me in the country forever! "
"Why do you take everything so seriously?
You knew I was only on land for one night and I was just a dirty stoker! "
"You're not that bad, Bill Roberts!"
"It would have been fun, even if it was only a few months."
"If I ever stayed ashore for months, I might even like it."
"Get moving, Bill.
The time is over! "
"See you then, baby."
"Well... do well...
Bill. ""
"Come here before you get into new trouble!"
"I'll sort this out for you, Bill.
You can't go out to sea like that. '
"What are you going to do? Do you want to bring me more bad luck?"
"Are you superstitious?"
"The woman has nerves to cry after all I've done for her!"
"Like I said, she wasn't good for you, like all women!"
"You were lucky I happened to pass by!
If I hadn't been curious, you would have become a barnacle! "
"Hurry up, you two!
I need steam and no talking! "
"I have to arrest her for it!"
"Where is my wife?"
"In prison, where it belongs."
"Why is she in prison?"
"Why don't you go to the night meal and find out for yourself?"
Thirty days.
Next time! "
"She was picked up with stolen clothes from the port pawn shop."
"How did they get them?"
"My husband gave it to me."
"Where is her husband?"
"He left me this morning."
"How long have they been married?"
"For one night."
Thirty days.
Next time! "
"One moment, Commander!
I'm her husband.
I stole the clothes! "
"Break in somewhere, take what you need, so that's your idea?"
"No, sir! I rang the bell!
But there was no answer, so I just helped myself. "
"I already see a man of importance and I have no time to waste.
What's their rush? '
'Well sir, I'm a stoker.
I've only got one night on land and I want to have fun in it. '
"Sixty days will cool you down.
Let the Lady go free.
Next time! "
"Sixty days is not a long journey, it will be my last if you wait for me.
"Bill, I would wait for you forever."
Hollywood 1928
The magical kingdom of the twentieth century!
The Mecca of the world!
So the Russian director Leo Andreyev traveled to Hollywod.
Every Russian in Hollywood is in this stack!
Sergius Alexander claims a general post in the Russian army and is also a cousin of the Czar.
Has little film experience -- works for $7.50 a day.
Tells him he can start working tomorrow morning
and give him a general uniform.
The Eureka Studio is on the phone.
Tomorrow morning at 6 am at the studio gate!
The Hollywood queue.
Stop jostling!
What do you think you are?
A chief constable!
A general!
Stop shaking your head!
How am I supposed to focus on makeup?
Sorry.
I can't do anything about it.
I've had a big shock lately.
Where did you get that thing? Did you steal it from a pawnshop?
The czar gave it to me.
What do you know about it?
The Czar gave him this beautiful medallion!
I'm your mate.
I want to show it to everyone.
Empire of Russia, 1917.
Pride, majesty, arrogance.
Seems forever!
In dozens of scattered combat areas, Russia wrestled with the enemy in a death grip.
Tired of defending a crumbling empire, Grand Duke Sergius Alexander had arrived cousin of the Czar and leading general of the Russian army.
Everything is in order, Your Imperial Highness. You do not need to tire yourself with an inspection.
The revolutionaries have intercepted most of our supplies.
Let him strut a bit more.
His days are numbered!
The days of everyone pulling Russia down are numbered.
Only a few more weeks, but they seem eternal to me.
We have waited long enough to get impatient now!
You are requested to appear at passport control tomorrow morning.
They are actors playing for our troops, their passports are being made, but our reports show that they are revolutionaries.
Her name is Natália Dabrovová, the most dangerous revolutionary of Russia!
Grab them!
He is too dangerous and she too beautiful to escape my attention!
This is the second time this week that you've worn my coat and smoked my cigarettes!
If he does it again, remove the cloak and shoot its contents.
So you are serving your country by acting!
Very patriotic while Russia is fighting for survival!
Why don't you wear a uniform?
I have weak lungs.
Perhaps it is only your courage that is too weak!
You don't need courage to send others into battle and death!
Arrest him!
What is her relationship with this man like?
There are none.
His name is Leo Andrejev, director of Kiev Imperial Theatre.
Orders from the General Staff, My Imperial Highness!.
Will you honor us with your company?
The new headquarters.
His Majesty the Tsar will visit the headquarters this afternoon to inspect the troops.
Recalls a division from the front. His Majesty thinks this war is a parlor game.
We can't do without a division.
We need every man!
No discussion!
Send a deloused and equipped division back quickly!
While the flames of war are blazing on the 2,000-mile front, the troops must be parrying in front of the czar.
Your Imperial Highness, you must urgently send your commands!
The parade will be over soon!
Russia is leaving you too, dear cousin.
A week after thousands of men had shed their blood for a slice of earth, there was a calm.
Where is the woman?
I ask that you accept this expression of gratitude for your company.
We'd better make this after caviar!
The General Staff, Your Imperial Highness!
His Majesty is planning a visit to the front line tomorrow!
It would be advisable to stage an offensive for him tomorrow!
Just not too soon!
My troops are not prepared for an offensive!
I will not sacrifice them for the amusement of the Czar!
That's what batter offers for a revolution!
Don't you see that this man is seriously ill?
I'll show you, you dirty revolutionary dog!
Do you not take too great a risk to contradict the Czar's wishes?
I would take any risk to avoid unnecessary sacrifices.
So why are you continuing this senseless war?
We have to win.
Defeat means revolution and the collapse of Russia!
Do you love Russia so much?
I would like to die tonight if I could help Russia!
Before you die, you wouldn't have a coffee with me, would you?
You are really beautiful!
It's easy to fall in love with you!
Your hand is shaking!
Could they hand me my cigarettes?
Yours are really strong.
Why didn't they shoot?
I don't know why I didn't kill you.
I suppose because I can't kill anyone who loves Russia as much as you do!
From now on you are my prisoner of war.
and the prisoners of my love.
A group of obscure figures meet to determine Russia's fate.
Train number 476, transports Grand Duke Sergia Alexandra and his staff returning from the front!
Notify all our agents!
Tonight Russia will become a republic!
If the news at the next station is correct, His Highness will not soon forget this trip!
His Highness arrives in 5 minutes.
We give him the biggest reception of his life!
All out, rulers of Russia!
Last stop!
We have been slaves for too long!
Now we are the rulers!
I will help you one day!
I will help you turn your head!
This is the end of Your Highness! Now it is our turn!
Let us hang him in Petrograd so that the whole world can see it!
Look at him!
The most powerful man in Russia even more powerful than the Tsar himself!
Let him sweat like we once did!
Let him heat our train to Petrogard!
Would His Highness take care of one of his cigarettes?
Off to the locomotive!
This woman is mine.
It belongs to the coat!
Don't you understand?
It was the only way to save your life.
I love you!
These pearls will make your escape from Russia possible!
I love you!
I love you!
So the aftermath of a tormented nation brought another extras to Hollywood.
Bring the extras on stage!
The director has an important job for you, Paps.
You have to look good!
Is that supposed to be a Russian beard?
Looks like an advertisement for cough sweets!
In Russia, it was worn on the left.
As a general, I must know.
I've made 20 Russia films.
You can't teach me anything more about Russia!
Bring me a whip!
I have waited 10 years for this moment, Your Imperial Highness.
The same coat, the same uniform, the same man, only times have changed!
This will be a trench scene just before the fight begins.
You are the commanding general!
The troops are tired of your fine speeches.
One gets rebellious and you.
Strike him with this whip!
We don't have to rehearse that scene because you know how to deal with it.
Music please, the national anthem of Russia.
Wind machine!
Spotlights on!
Camera!
What difference does it make who will win the war?
We are tired and tired of fighting.
You gave your last command!
A new day has dawned!
Down with your Russia!
Citizens of Russia, you have been misguided by traitors! We must win or Russia will perish!
The goal is to win!
Long live Russia!
Did we win?
Yes, Your Imperial Highness they have won!
Tough luck!
The guy was a damn good actor.
He was more than an actor, he was a great man.
End
THE 11th YEAR
The All-Russian Photo-Film Administration VUFKU dedicates this film to the Soviet Ukraine and the entire Red USSR
Author and Director:
Dziga Vertov
Assistant:
E. Svilova main cameraman:
M. Kaufman
Laboratory technicians:
I. Kotelnikov
Halfway between Dnipro-Petrovsk and Zaporozhye the rapids "Nenasytez" (The Insatiable) rushes over the rocks.
Further downstream
The "Yekaterine Chair"
The Rock "The Stretch"
The "Rock of Love"
A 2000 year old Skythe
The Conquest of the Dnieper
Echo
We're building
"Dneprostroi"
Here we build
the largest power plant in Europe
This is where electrical energy is generated
"Electricity Cooperative"
Underground at SOCIALIST post
lm Land of Lenin
Under the banner of Lenin
Man of the metal
under Lenin's banner
... in the heroic pursuit of socialism
Black Sea Sentinel
... and the sentry in Volkhovstroye
Voroshilov
... and a guard post at the Ukrainian-Romanian border
"Electricity Cooperative"
In a village with electricity we see the meeting of the village council
In a village with electricity we see the meeting of the Komsomol members
LENINS lamp lights up in the farmer's hut
A workers' settlement
A club
"Proletarians of all countries unite"
We're building
"Power station"
We build blast furnaces
We build one locomotive after another
One workbench after the other
One work after another
The country... is growing... towards socialism
On flat ground
Underground
above the ground
A comrade from China
A comrade from Africa
"Self-help cooperative"
A comrade from India
"Dneprostroi"
We will not let the revolution we fought for take away
We give our lives for this
over the land taken from the landowners
above the factories... which we took away from the capitalists
... rises... the second... decade
... the eleventh year rises
To the victory of socialism in our country
For the victory of socialism in all countries
FORWARD!
THE END
THE PASSION OF THE YOUNG WOMAN OF ORLEANS
A film by Carl Th.
Dreyer
The Bibliotheque de la Chambre des Deputes in Paris houses one of the most extraordinary documents in world history: the records of the trial of the
Joan of Arc, the trial that ended in her death.
The questions of the judges and Johanna's answers were recorded with great accuracy.
Reading it, you discover the true Johanna... not in helmet and armor, but simple and human... a young woman who died for her country... and we are witnessing an incredible drama:
a young, pious woman faces a group of narrow-minded theologians and skilled lawyers.
I swear to tell the truth, the whole truth... nothing but the truth...
In France they call me Jeanne... in my village, I'm called Jeannette.
How old are you?
Nineteen... I think.
Do you know the Lord's Prayer?
Who taught you?
My mother.
Will you say it?
You claim to be sent by God?
To save France... that's why I was born.
So God hates the English?
I don't know if God hates or loves the English... but I do know that the English are all driven out of France... except those who die here!
You said the archangel Michael had appeared to you... in what form?
Did he have wings?
Was he wearing a crown?
How was he dressed?
How did you know if it was a man or a woman?
Was he naked?
Do you believe that God was not able to clothe him?
Did he have long hair?
Why should he have cut it?
Why are you dressed like a man?
If we gave you women's clothes, would you wear them?
When my divine mission is accomplished... I will dress like a woman again.
So it was God who commanded you to dress as a man?
And what reward do you expect from our Lord God?
The salvation of my soul.
This is blasphemy.
This is disgusting!
To me, she's a saint.
Has God made you promises?
This has nothing to do with this process.
Shouldn't we leave that question to the judges?
Should we put this question to the vote?
All right then!
What was promised to you by God?
Maybe you would be freed from prison?
When?
I don't know the day... nor the hour.
Since we could not so easily draw a confession from her... we have to come up with something...
Go look for a letter bearing the signature of King Charles.
Write a letter that I will dictate to you.
My sympathy for you is great!
Do you know our King's signature?
I have a letter from him, for you.
I can't read.
To our dear Johanna...
I am preparing to march with a large army to Rouen.
I am sending you this devoted priest. Trust in him.
Just as Jesus is the Son of God... do you claim to be the daughter of God?
Will you recite the Lord's Prayer?
God told you you would be released from prison?
