State-owned enterprises and dominant private enterprises entered the old revolutionary area of south Jiangxi.
From 26 to 27 September, in order to further expand the educational achievements on the theme of "not forgetting first heart and remembering mission", the Central Military and Military Integration Office, the State Bureau of National Defense Science, Industry and Technology, and the All-China Federation of Industry and Commerce organized a study on "the entrance of state-owned enterprises and dominant private enterprises into the old revolutionary areas in Gannan", to revisit the revolutionary history, trace the red footprints, transmit the red gene, to connect the related enterprises to meet the needs of Ganzhou City, and promote the rapid development of the old revolutionary areas.
Jin Zhuanglong, Deputy Director of the Central Civil-Military Integration Office; the Deputy Director of the United Front Work Department; Xu Lejiang, Secretary of the Party Group and Deputy Chairman of the All-China Federation of Industry and Commerce; Zhang Kejian, Director-General of the State Bureau of Science, Science, Technology and Industry; and Li Bingjun, Deputy Secretary of the Jiangxi Provincial Committee and Secretary of the Ganzhou Municipal Party Committee, participated in the survey.
Among the enterprises participating in the research activities are 8 military-industrial groups such as China Aerospace Science and Technology Corporation Limited, 10 state-owned enterprises such as Hunan Rare Earth Metals Materials Research Institute, and 15 dominant private enterprises such as Renxiang Group.
During this period, the researchers visited the memorial garden of the origin of the Long March of the Central Red Army, remembered the revolutionary martyrs, received education on the revolutionary tradition, reviewed the difficult process of the Red Army's Long March period, conducted field research on seven enterprises and one testing centre in Ganzhou, held thematic symposiums, concluded eight cooperation projects and signed on the spot contracts.
At the symposium on research activities, Ganzhou City introduced its unique industry advantages and introduced quality projects to the participating enterprises.
China Arms Industry Co., Ltd, China Steel Research, Science and Technology Group Co., Ltd, Xian Tian and Defense Technology Corporation Limited, Jiangxi Jinli Permanent Magnetic Science and Technology Co. Ltd. delivered a speech respectively on behalf of the Military Industrial Group companies, Minkou state-owned enterprises, private enterprises and local enterprises, saying that we will continue to strengthen the connection of the state-owned enterprises and dominant private enterprises with the needs of Jiangxi Province and Ganzhou City, gradually broaden the areas of cooperation, assist the transformation and upgrading of the power industries, and promote high-quality development in the old revolutionary areas.
Through this research activity, we have gained a better understanding of the unique advantages of industrial development in the old revolutionary areas in the south of Jiangxi, defined the key tasks of economic and social development in the old revolutionary areas at the present stage, strengthened the belief of state-owned and private enterprises in the service of the people and in the entrepreneurship of their officials, and played an important role in promoting the transformation of the central Soviet area in the south of Jiangxi, adjusting its structure and benefiting the people, thus promoting the change of the quality of economic development, efficiency change and dynamic change.
Beijing market regulator before the festival to launch comprehensive law enforcement commodity prices are basically stable
In order to strengthen the enforcement of pre-festival market supervision, the Beijing Municipal Market Regulatory Bureau inspected more than 2,000 households of various business entities on the eve of the National Day.
The inspections showed that the basic necessities of life such as grain and oil, meat, fruit, vegetables and custard were well supplied and commodity prices were basically stable.
Today, reporters learned from the Beijing Market Supervision Bureau, the Bureau launched a comprehensive law enforcement inspection day in the city, focusing on key areas, key areas, such as prices, industry and commerce, quality supervision, medicine, business, and other elements, the entire chain law enforcement inspection, to fully regulate the market operating order.
According to the report, five law enforcement teams, namely, the Beijing Municipal Superintendency Administration of Price, Commerce, Industry and Commerce, Quality Supervision, Food Medicine and Commerce, worked in coordination and close cooperation, and were led by the heads of various law enforcement agencies to conduct a joint law enforcement inspection of randomly selected business entities.
During the inspection, law enforcement officials focused on price behavior, advertising, food safety, measurement standards, production safety systems, and so on.
The inspections have shown that the supply of basic necessities, such as grain and oil, meat, fruit, vegetables and custard, is adequate, commodity prices are basically stable, business operators are able to operate in accordance with the law, no serious violations of law have been detected, and the overall market operation order is stable.
The Beijing Municipal Bureau of Marketing Supervision said it would step up emergency duties during the National Day holiday period, continuously carry out inspection and inspection of the market, deal with various market supervision issues quickly according to law, and violations reported by the people will be verified and dealt with seriously according to the law, and earnestly safeguard the legitimate rights and interests of consumers.
"China in My Heart" Chinese Essay Competition at the Confucius Institute of the Royal Cambodian Academy of Sciences
The award ceremony was held at the Confucius Institute of the Royal Academy of Sciences of Cambodia on the 26th day of the "China in My Heart" Chinese Essay Competition on the theme of the 70th Anniversary of New China.
Diplomats from the Chinese Embassy in Cambodia, representatives of the Cambodian China Council and President of the Jiangxi Chamber of Commerce and Commerce of Cambodia, presented awards to the recipients of the awards.
According to Chai Keqing, President of China at the Confucius Institute of the Royal Academy of Sciences of Cambodia, the competition lasted two months and involved Cambodian primary and secondary school students (including those with special education) and university students (including social workers).
Zhong Jingfa, a diplomat of the Chinese Embassy in Cambodia, presented the certificates to the first prize winner of the University Group, Lin Wei Cai, and the first prize winner of the Primary and Secondary School, Guo Lina.
According to Chai, the entries were divided into groups of universities and primary and secondary schools. Senior Cambodian Chinese experts were invited to form an evaluation committee, which selected the first prize, the second prize, the third prize, the first prize, the first prize, the first prize, the second prize, the third prize, and the final prize.
Lin Weicai, the university group first prize winner, said that he had been studying Chinese for 15 years and had made a huge impact on himself.
Through the essay contest, which is used to describe the well-being of Cambodia and the traditional friendship between China and Cambodia under the "Belt and Road". I hope that the younger generation will continue to contribute to the friendship between China and Cambodia.
Pictured is a guest and award winner.
Guo Lina, the first prize winner in the primary and secondary school category, said that as a person of overseas Chinese descent, there was a different excitement for the opportunity to express the feelings of "China in the heart" and win the prize through the language of her country of origin.
The contest not only creates a positive atmosphere for China-Cambodia relations, but also attracts more Cambodian students to study in China, the organizers said.
Iran has begun to use advanced centrifuges to accelerate the production of enriched uranium, in further violation of a 2015 nuclear deal with world powers, the United Nations' International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) reported on Sunday.
A comprehensive foreign media report, the IAEA report, said advanced centrifuges at Iran's Natanz Nuclear Facility "are accumulating, or are ready to accumulate, enriched uranium".
Since US President Donald Trump withdrew from the nuclear deal last May and imposed sanctions on Iran, Iran is gradually violating the limits of the 2015 nuclear deal with major powers.
The agreement stipulates that Iran can only refine uranium using first-generation IR-1 centrifuges.
The other signatories to the deal, Britain, China, France, Germany and Russia, have been trying to salvage it, but Tehran has repeatedly accused Europe of not doing enough.
In the afternoon local time, Japanese Foreign Minister Toshiaki Mogi held talks with Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov and agreed to press ahead with the conclusion of negotiations on a peace treaty containing the territorial issues of the four northern islands (the disputed islands, the "Northern Islands" and the "Southern Kuril Islands") and developing bilateral relations in a wide range of political and economic areas.
This was the first time that he had held consultations with Russia as a person in charge of negotiating a peace treaty since he took office as foreign minister.
Mogi told the Russians that he "would like to start consultations in earnest, including the promotion of common economic activities" in the four northern islands.
According to the Government of Japan, there was no detailed discussion of the territorial issue.
At the Japan-Russian summit in December 2018, the foreign ministers of the two countries agreed to accelerate the negotiations.
At the meeting, the two foreign ministers welcomed the progress made in the consultations on common economic activities in the fields of tourism and waste disposal.
"Hopefully, successful implementation will lead to the next step," he said, referring to the tourism trial scheduled for October.
Moreover, the talks confirmed Lavrov's visit to Japan in November to coincide with the G20 foreign ministers' meeting in Nagoya.
Tuionetoa was elected as the new Prime Minister of Tonga.
The South Pacific island nation of Tonga has elected its current Minister of Finance and National Planning, Pohiwa Tuionetoa, as the new Prime Minister of Tonga, replacing former Prime Minister Akilisi Boshiva, who died of illness earlier this month.
According to the website of MATANGI, the main Tongan media, the Tongan Parliament is a unicameral body composed of 26 members.
In a parliamentary vote on the same day, Tuilaunetoa was elected with 23 votes, defeating a rival, the Deputy Prime Minister and Minister of Infrastructure and Tourism, Semisi Sikha.
Tonga is a constitutional monarchy with a system of separation of powers between the executive, legislative and judicial branches.
Tui Onetoa is also subject to appointment by the King.
The next Tongan parliamentary election will be held in 2021.
The women's volleyball team is expected to defend the World Cup ahead of time!
In a match against the Dutch women's volleyball team, the Chinese team won two games in a row and went on to win the match 3 – 1 against the Netherlands.
The World Cup schedule is drawing to a close, although the defending champions are in sight, but the Chinese women's volleyball team still have to take it easy on the Serbian team.
In the first two sets of the match of the match against the Netherlands, the Chinese women's team remained strong, going down 25 – 19 and 25 – 16, respectively, until the third set, when the team suffered a setback.
The Dutch women's volleyball team stepped up their serve in the back of the situation, the Chinese team received a shock, and the girls attack, the errors also began to increase, finally at 21: 25 was pulled back to a city by the opponent.
In an interview after the game, Lang Ping also said: "The third game, because of errors we gave about eight points."
Of course, the Dutch women's volleyball team can not be underestimated, the Chinese women's volleyball team also made a difficult preparation before the match, although lost a game, but everything is still in Lang Ping grasp, "with the strong team to win the game is normal, playing five games is normal, so we said to the players to focus," Lang Ping said.
In the fourth game, the players adjusted to the situation, Zhang Changning in the offensive end of the open fire, a single-game score of 8 points, for the team to win.
There are only two out of 11 rounds left so far, and the Chinese women's volleyball team, though one hand has already touched the championship trophy, has indeed sounded the alarm in their match against the Dutch: the more critical the moment, the more they will have to go all out.
In another match on the 27th, Russia and the U.S. women's volleyball team played a full five games, the U.S. team was unable to take all three points from their opponents, so the Chinese women's volleyball team only had to take all three points in a match against Serbia to advance to the round of defending the title.
All kinds of things are moving in favor of the Chinese women's volleyball team.
However, the absence of all six of Serbia's main players does not mean that they will give the three points to China easily.
In their current form, Serbia are virtually out of a medal, which means they can "light up" their game against China's women's volleyball team, leaving the burden on them to do their best to beat their opponents, while China, under pressure to win the title, may be in a state of ups and downs.
Furthermore, the substitute Serbia team was used as a substitute in the Battle of the Lamb, as shown by the end of the clash with the Netherlands, which was defeated by Serbia 2 – 3 in the last five games of the World Cup.
Before the third stage of the match, Lang also said that neither team as well: "The game in Osaka is going to be very difficult, we still have to prepare as well as ever."
Now defending the bugle has been blown and the race has really entered the "white-hot phase."
On the strength of the lineup, the Chinese women's volleyball team is on top of the opponent, only the final critical moment, but also to see if the girls will be able to play a normal level, on the field of play release themselves.
More than 100 experts and scholars from the United States, Singapore, the Mainland, Hong Kong and Macao are engaged in the field of stem cell research, sharing and discussing the latest technology and development of stem cell research with teachers and students of Macao universities.
The Deputy Vice-Chancellor (Research) of the University of Australia, Mr David Ge, said stem cell research was of medical value and was one of the key research projects of the University of Australia.
Mr Ge said that as one of the leading international universities in the west coast of the Greater Bay Area, the University was committed to building a talent training base and science and technology innovation centre to support the innovative development of the Bay Area.
The seminar brings together stem cell research experts from home and abroad to share the latest technology, which will help promote stem cell research and development in Macao.
The Dean of the School of Health Sciences, Mr Tang said the university had continued to strengthen research innovation and transformation in recent years, and had also seen a marked improvement in the quantity and quality of papers, and had also made great achievements in stem cell research.
At the conference, prominent scholars shared cutting-edge knowledge and technology in stem cell research.
Ji Weizhi, Member of the Chinese Academy of Sciences and Dean of the School of Primate Transformation Medicine at Kunming University of Science and Technology in Yunnan, explained the process and molecular mechanisms of studying monkey and human embryos using a 3D culture system; Jing Naihe, a researcher at the Shanghai Institute of Biology, Chinese Academy of Sciences, described the temporal and temporal changes of cell lineage and tissue after implantation of mouse embryos at the single cell and molecular level; and Wang Yong, a University of Pennsylvania professor, showed how biomaterial hydrogels could be used to simulate stem cell nests for survival and transport.
Xu Renhe, Deputy Dean (Research) of the School of Health Sciences of the University of Australia, Chen Guokai, Assistant Dean of the School of Health Sciences, and Wang Chunming, Associate Professor of the Chinese Academy of Medicine of the University of Australia, also presented the latest important results of the study.
The Second Macau Stem Cell Symposium was organized by the Faculty of Health Sciences of the University of Macau, with the support of the Institute of Chinese Medicine of the University of Macau and the State Key Laboratory for Quality Research of the University of Science and Technology of Macau.
The symposium has eleven academic papers covering embryonic development and tissue generation, conversion medicine, mechanism research and transformation applications of stem cells, biomaterials and applications, and so on.
The seminar was lively, with participants actively discussing and sharing the latest research and ideas on relevant technologies.
He said the seminar provided a platform for exchange and cooperation among stem cell experts in Tai Wan and elsewhere, as well as a valuable learning opportunity for students.
The conferment of the State Medal and the National Medal of Honor of the People's Republic of China will be solemnly held.
With the approval of the Central Committee of the Communist Party of China, the ceremony for the presentation of the State Medal and of the national honorary title of the People's Republic of China will be solemnly held at the Great Hall of the People at 10: 00 a.m. on September 29.
Xi Jinping, General Secretary of the CPC Central Committee and Chairman of the CMC, will present the "Order of the Republic", the "Order of Friendship" and the "Medal of State Honor" to the recipients of the state medals and honorary titles respectively, and deliver important speeches.
With the approval of the Central Committee of the Communist Party of China, the ceremony for the presentation of the State Medal and Medal of Honor will be held on September 29 at 10: 00 a.m. at the Great Hall of the People in Beijing.
This is the "Order of the Republic."
Red and gold are the main colours of the Order of the Republic through the use of such elements as the national emblem, the five-pointed star, the Yellow River, the Yangtze River, the mountain peaks, the peonies, etc., and the chain through the use of such elements as the Chinese knot, Ruyi, and orchid flowers, which are all made by the use of techniques, such as cold moulding, mosaic, and enamel, to symbolize the great contribution of the recipients to the construction and development of the Republic, to honor the highest glory of the nation and signify the significance of the unity of people of all ethnic groups in building the Chinese dream of the great rejuvenation of the Chinese nation.
This is the Order of Friendship.
The "Order of Friendship" is in gold and blue, while the "Order of Friendship" is made of dove, earth, handshake, lotus, etc., and the "Order of Friendship" is made of Chinese knots, evergreen, peony, jade, blue grass, etc., all of which are handmade with traditional techniques, such as tinsel and enamel, to symbolize the friendship and solidarity of the Chinese people with the people of all other countries and the longevity of lasting friendship, and to wish all the nations of the world for common prosperity and development.
This is the National Medal of Honor.
The national honorary title medals are in the red and gold hue, while the chapter system is composed of five stars, Tiananmen, peonies, flags, light and other elements, and the chapter chain is composed of Chinese knots and flowers, all of which are made of cold-pressed molding, filament inlaying and enamel, symbolizing the great contributions made by the recipients of the national honorary title in various fields, demonstrating the role of demonstration and leadership in encouraging the people of all ethnic groups in China to remember their first hearts, remember their mission and work tirelessly for the realization of the Chinese dream of the great rejuvenation of the Chinese nation.
The award ceremony will be broadcast live live on the China Central Television Network (CCTV), the People's Network, the Central Television Network, the China Central News website, the People's Daily Client, the Xinhua News Agency Client, the CCTV News Client, and other new media platforms.
"For 70 years, the deterrence and defense measures taken by NATO have been based on maintaining technological superiority," Stoltenberg said in a speech at the U.S. Military Academy at West Point.
But times are changing, he says.
"We are experiencing increasing competition," Stoltenberg said.
We must therefore now redouble our efforts to be sure that no one will surpass us. "
"Some of the new technologies have not been developed by NATO members, but are in authoritarian countries," he said.
Chinese companies are working on 5G networks.
Russia is developing an independent Internet and investing heavily in the development of the next generation of weapons, such as hypersonic missiles. ”
Stoltenberg said NATO's future security "depends on the ability to understand, accept and apply the latest advanced technologies."
On September 24, "a boat ticket to take me to see" the charity event was held in Tzu Chau, Changsha, and more than 100 disabled people from Changsha were invited to board the Orange Star Cruises to enjoy the magnificent scenery of the Xiangjiang River and celebrate the 70th anniversary of the founding of New China.
Most of the more than 100 people with disabilities who took part in the event were on board the cruise for the first time.
Zhao Zhengang, 56 years old, is a mutilated person who rarely leaves the house because of the immobility of his feet.
"Today is the first time to take a cruise, up close view of the River Xiang, feel the pulse of the development of Changsha, the mood is very excited, unforgettable," he said.
Volunteers from the Fukang Social Work Service Center in Changsha City and the Blue Sky Rescue Team provide a nuanced service for people with disabilities.
Especially for those with severe physical disabilities, volunteers will carry them on cruises.
The director of the Fukang Social Workers Service Center said that the cause of persons with disabilities in Changsha has made constant progress over the past 70 years, with the support of the Party and government. More and more persons with disabilities have become real participants, contributors and beneficiaries in socio-economic development, and it is becoming the consensus of the whole society to care for, help and support the cause of the disabled.
The Republic is about to celebrate its seventieth anniversary, and the spotlight of the media shines a spotlight on so many images that we do not normally remember, glitter - it is they who bring heat and light to our shining days...
However, if the hero walks around, also seems to be ordinary as you like me.
Yuan Peng, the chief scientist of China's "heavenly eye", a man, a lifetime, a pot and a lifetime of doing only one thing, nibbling on cold buns in the mountains of Guizhou, and no different from the old man in Guizhou province; Zhou Ruchang, a red scientist, late village boy with a flap of white hair, speaks to the heart of learning, pops and laughs; Qin Yi, the film of an artist who, after the age of ninety, is happy to play the role of an old handmaid in a show that jolts six or seven hours a day on the plateau.
They, seeking benevolence, live simply, simply and insistently, as long as outsiders do not understand and they are interested in their own business, it is easy to be happy.
As in Jin Yong's novel, the Shaolin Temple, the pavilion, the sweeping monk, though with the world of martial arts, do not dazzle, no joy, no sorrow.
Every "sweeping monk", every pair of the heart, behind which there is a share of my home country to take responsibility.
The responsibility of home is not just on the shoulders of heroes, but also in the hands of millions of people.
Once, high school students, crazy online, "when the hero is passing, always someone sitting on the side of the road clapping... I do not want to be a hero, I want to be sitting on the side of the road clapping."
Actually, being a hero and applauding a hero is not a contradiction.
Roadside clapping, also in the transmission of heat and light, its own luminous body.
Ordinary like you, like me, there are always some opportunities in life, there are some moments, there is a cumulative, also in the shape of the hero.
Shanghai judge, Zou Bihua, shoulder the burden of judicial reform, but in the annual meeting so that the room of the old master to the stage to tell his story, a year received and sent countless newspapers and letters, from no mistakes, and "do simple things well, it is not simple", Zou Bihua led the judges to give applause to the "sweeping monk" type of old man.
It is a sympathy between heroes, one hero is applauding another hero.
There is the Sutra Pavilion in Shaolin, Yuan Longping has a vast experimental paddy field, Nan Ren Dong has a "heavenly eye", Qin Yi has a stage, Zhou Ruchang has a pulpit...
"China Sky Eye", for example, now seems to be a myth.
In the 1990s, the Chinese scientific and technological community was still climbing uphill, and the novelist Liu Cixin had yet to write "Three bodies".
The most bovine "eye" of all time was the single-aperture radio telescope Arecibo, in the Island Valley, in Puerto Rico, with a diameter of 350 meters, considered "unsurpassable" as the world's largest.
The Chinese radio telescope at that time was less than a tenth the diameter.
But Nan Rendong, who enjoys world-class research conditions and a salary in Japan, insists on returning home, bringing home an almost crazy idea: to build a new generation of radio "big telescopes" in China to receive more messages from outer space!
China is ready for the fun of ah, to invest big money to play the stars?
The motherland trusts Nan Ren Dong, "the opening of the curtain of the" Sky Eye "project.
The project took 12 years to complete and another nine years to complete.
With 500 meters of “sky eyes ” open, China has made“ the world ’ s only big scientific project ” without any precedent.
Therefore, the "eyes of heaven" is great, the Nan Ren Dong people are great, there is a big tolerance, standing high and far out of the Republic is great.
With the trust of the state and the goodwill of the people, the Nan Ren East has the opportunity to become the soul of the nation.
There are young talents, white-haired heroes affable past, there are people gently clapping at the roadside, such a country, very beautiful and harmonious.
The Environmental Protection Concept of Jilin Kindergarten
27, a kindergarten in Jilin City, Jilin Province, launched a garbage classification education class, teaching young children to distinguish recyclable garbage and other types of garbage.
It is reported that this is the first time garbage classification into the local preschool education class.
A few days ago, nine departments of Jilin Province jointly issued the "Work Plan of Jilin Province to Promote the Classification and Handling of Municipal Domestic Waste".
On the basis of the pilot of the mandatory classification of domestic waste in Changchun City in 2019, the province decided to start the prefecture-level domestic waste classification work in the city.
The city of Jilin is one of them.
We hope that through this activity, we can realize the effect of promoting families through early childhood and society through kindergartens, and promote the concept of environmental protection.
Hosting the event Hi Fan child international kindergarten executive director Liu Lijuan said.
On the same day, the director read out the environmental protection proposal, hope that the garbage sorting from the children.
After the children performed the "Low Carbon Bei Bei" dance, the group played a game of trash sorting.
The instructor also issued a "recyclable" "other rubbish" label, advising children to stick the label on the trash can when they return home and to record small videos.
Liu Lijuan introduced that the kindergarten has been advocating low carbon, green concept of environmental protection, regularly opened a green lecture hall.
In the garden, there are also classified rubbish bins at the garbage dispensers, which are marked with the type of items to be put in.
The teacher teaches the children what is recyclable garbage.
According to preliminary statistics, in 2018, the city of Jilin generated about 546.52 million tons of domestic waste, all of which went to the domestic waste disposal site for processing.
Of these, 32,292,900 tons were sanitary landfills, 2,092,300 tons were incinerated, and 80,100 tons were treated by a comprehensive utilization process.
After years of efforts, every city and county in the province has the ability to dispose of household waste.
The Jilin Provincial Program for Promoting the Classification and Handling of Municipal Domestic Waste at the Local Level, which has been issued, explicitly calls for the further development of activities such as the sorting of garbage into schools, teaching materials and classrooms, through the compilation of songs, ballads, cartoons, microvideos, etc., to enhance interaction between students and parents, with the aim of "educating a child, influencing a family, nurturing a community and nurturing a generation of new people".
Data released by Mazda on September 27 showed worldwide sales of 117,015 vehicles in August.
Sales in China fell by 21 per cent due to the lack of new vehicles and lower prices.
Japan's domestic sales fell 6%, and demand for the last buses was limited in October, before the consumption tax hike.
In August, Mazda sold 17,729 units in China.
In August 2018, sales were down 13% from the previous year, and sales continued to decline.
Sales of the main SUV in China, the CX-4, fell 14 percent.
The CX-4 2016 has been on the market for a long time now, and the new car has had a decline in effectiveness.
It is also known to have a strong impact on sales as a result of the price reduction from the long-term perspective of the strategy to increase brand value.
Mazda's sales in the United States rose 7 percent year-on-year to 27,482 vehicles, a 14-month increase.
Sales of the SUV, the CX-5, rose in August, one day more than the previous year, coupled with "increased promotional efforts such as the Mazda," the company said.
Domestic sales in Japan fell 6 percent to 14,422 vehicles.
The company said the emergency snap up before the tax increase "did not go as far as it did last time [in 2014]."
Sales of small cars such as the Demio (Demio) have declined.
Jacques Chirac ’ s lasting political legacy
Former French president Jacques Chirac died at the age of 86.
At a time when the world is in the midst of a century of unprecedented change, the French statesman still deserves credit for the many political legacies he left behind when he came to power.
Mr Chirac has been France's president for 12 years in a charismatic fashion.
He inherited Gaullist independence of the diplomatic spirit, but also firmly support European integration, is a representative of the pursuit of the "European dream."
At the same time, he was a strong advocate of world multipolarity and multilateralism, and a strategic politician.
As a result, the French media described him as "France's outstanding representative on the world stage".
One of Chirac's favorite political decisions was to oppose the American-led war in Iraq.
Under his leadership, France, together with Germany, took the lead in the war against the United States.
A year after the war broke out, he predicted that the war in Iraq would lead to an increase in terror and make the world more dangerous.
As it turned out, Chirac ’ s warning was correct.
Once upon a time, with the collapse of European integration and the increasing unilateralism of the US, Chirac ’ s strategic thinking and decisions on international politics and global affairs are of great enlightenment.
Chirac is also a French statesman who makes the Chinese feel familiar and affectionate.
He was one of the initiators and creators of the "Golden Decade" between China and France. After his first election as President of France in 1995, he promoted the rapid development of China-France relations with the strategic vision of statesmen.
In 2004, China and France established a comprehensive strategic partnership and China-France bilateral exchanges entered a completely new phase.
Under Chirac's administration, bilateral trade between China and France grew rapidly, and the two countries have made breakthroughs in cooperation in many fields, including aviation, nuclear energy, and railway transportation.
Chirac initiated the Year of Sino-French Culture, creating a new cultural exchange model in the history of China and France.
Chirac's lifelong devotion to Chinese culture has been particularly impressive.
Chirac can recite some poems by Li Bai and Du Fu, and even accurately judge the historical age of Chinese bronzes, according to Chinese diplomats who know him.
"Not looking at the pyramids, not really going to Egypt, not looking at the Qin Terracotta Army, not really going to China." - The golden phrase comes from Chirac.
"The West is concerned about China's political and social development, the ecological issues arising from China's economic growth and China's political position in the world," Chirac said in an exclusive interview with Xinhua.
But I personally have confidence in China.
I believe that China is a country with a long history of civilization, and its experience is sufficient to help it establish the concepts and values for harmonious development and assume its responsibilities on the world stage for a long time.
I also believe that China's renaissance will bring new creative energy to world culture and enrich it.
They are gone, but Chirac's legacy and enlightenment to the world will live on.
The 7th China Computer Society Academic Conference on Big Data was inaugurated in Wuhan on Sunday, with thousands of experts and industry leaders in big data research, focusing on big data research issues and interpreting the technological progress of big data in the age of artificial intelligence (AI).
Sponsored by the China Computer Society (CCF), the CCF Expert Committee on Big Data and the Huazhong University of Science and Technology, the conference organized 5 special invited reports and 188 forum reports, and established 33 technical and industrial sub-forums to exchange and discuss the research results on Big Data Basic Theory, Big Data Education, Big Data Visualization, Big Data Finance and Science and Technology.
The CCF Big Data Academic Conference aims to strengthen contacts and exchanges between domestic and foreign scholars in the field of big data and promote interdisciplinary fusion and the development of big data industry. After seven sessions, the conference has been developed into the most influential Big Data Academic Conference in China, which focuses on the exchange of scientific research results, and its contents have been extended to the fields of basic theory and technology application.
The Hong Kong Bill was joined by members of the Hong Kong Legislative Council
Some members of the Hong Kong Legislative Council (LegCo) issued a joint statement on 27 July, expressing strong opposition to the passage of the "Hong Kong Bill of Rights Act, 2019" by the Foreign Affairs Committee of both houses of the United States Congress.
The statement, co-sponsored by 40 Legislative Council Members, said Hong Kong currently enjoyed the rights conferred by the Basic Law, including the right to remain a free trade port and a separate customs territory, to enter into and implement bilateral and multilateral agreements with different countries and regions of the world in the name of "Hong Kong, China" in various fields, including the economy, finance, shipping, trade, communications, tourism, culture and sports.
These rights are not granted by any foreign government or legislature.
Over the years, Hong Kong has strictly adhered to international agreements, rules, laws and business ethics, conducted business with various countries and regions, and engaged in cooperation in a wide range of related fields.
The move by foreign committees of the U.S. House and Senate of the United States Congress to pass the bill was unnecessary and was merely a response to a call by its Hong Kong agents to intervene in Hong Kong's internal affairs and to gain political leverage for their agents in Hong Kong, the statement said.
Members of the establishment deeply regretted the move and strongly disagreed with it.
The statement points out that Hong Kong is an important trading partner of the United States and the source of the largest trade surplus.
The rule of law, a fair and free business environment and a clean society make Hong Kong a good location for American businessmen to do business.
This bill, in addition to attacking Hong Kong and the interests of the United States itself, would make relations between the two countries even worse without any benefit or harm to others.
Hong Kong will, as always, unswervingly implement the policy of "one country, two systems", continue to enjoy its rights under the Basic Law and earnestly fulfill its obligations, the statement said.
Hong Kong will continue to make its due contribution to the international community and international commerce, whether in the past, present or future.
26 (Xinhua) -- Both houses of the French parliament will discuss immigration policy reform next week, according to the European Times.
French President Emmanuel Macron recently said that France cannot "accept everyone", but at the same time work hard to "properly accommodate" it.
Reports suggest that Macron is trying to find a middle ground on immigration to soften the impact of the looming debate.
In a recent interview in New York, the US, on the sidelines of the general debate of the UN General Assembly, Macron said he hoped for a genuine two-pronged approach to immigration policy that struck a balance between humanitarianism and efficiency.
"If France wants to be able to accommodate (migrants) properly, it cannot accommodate everyone," Macron said.
Macron outlined four priorities of his migration policy: granting asylum to refugees in need of protection as soon as possible; promoting the integration of migrants more efficiently; receiving and protecting all migrants entering French territory; and more efficiently resettling those who entered France illegally and were not suitable to stay.
Whether illegal immigrants should be protected by the state medical aid system has been the subject of much debate.
Mr Macron said he hoped to "assess" the system, but not remove it, but limit it.
Following Macron ’ s remarks, Le Pen, the leader of the far-right “National Alliance, ” tweeted that Macron ’ s statement was“ empty talk. ”
A member of the right wing Republicans, Senate President Ruschel also said that immigration policy should be discussed in a "softened" but "realistic" way, indirectly criticizing Macron.
Vallau, a leftist Socialist MP, argued that France should “accept more and better ” on the issue of immigration, and criticized Macron for“ playing around ” with the issue.
A year after its enactment, a new version of the Asylum and Immigration Act has divided opinion in the ruling party but failed to appease right-wing opposition parties, the report said.
Macron needs to do something about immigration policy, which will again be the focus of far-right attacks in the next general election in 2022, but will also risk angering the ruling party ’ s inner left.
The lower house of the French National Assembly will debate immigration policy from September 30, while the Senate will debate it from October 2, according to reports.
There are signs that “buy back ” is coming to China ’ s A-share market, with many listed companies offering to buy back their shares in“ real gold and silver. ”
According to financial data service Oriental Wealth, as of 27 December 2019, the total value of the buybacks of A-share listed companies has exceeded 100 billion yuan (RMB, the same below), which is far higher than the previous year's figures and is a record high for A-share repurchase fund.
In response, Xu Yang, chairman of Shanghai Maikorong Information Consulting LLC, said the lower overall valuation of the A-share market this year and the purchase of shares back at a relatively low price would benefit listed companies' efficiency in the use of funds, reflect the willingness of listed companies to actively manage market capitalisation and ample cash flow, and help to boost investor confidence.
Moreover, the continuous improvement of the share repurchase system has also encouraged listed companies to actively engage in share repurchase.
At the beginning of this year, for example, the Shanghai Stock Exchange and Shenzhen Stock Exchange issued detailed rules for the implementation of share repurchase by listed companies, providing detailed criteria and guidelines for share repurchase.
According to media statistics, the listed companies that have implemented the buy-back program this year are concentrated in the infrastructure industry, the real estate industry, the information technology industry and the electronic equipment industry.
In addition, in terms of repurchase payments, six listed companies have repurchased more than $1 billion this year.
At the top of the list was Yili's stake, which was repurchased for more than $5 billion.
What impact will the buyback of shares by listed companies have on the market?
Zhao Xijun, vice dean of the School of Finance and Finance of Renmin University of China, told China News Agency that the buyback shows that the listed company has strong economic strength and a better financial position, and is able to maintain stock price stability and give investors confidence, on the one hand, and that the listed company and its controlling shareholders are responsible to the company, to the market and to investors, on the other.
The former is based on the company's good performance, while the latter requires the listed company and its controlling shareholders to have higher quality.
For the capital market, this is the most central element of the foundation.
The buyback of shares of listed companies is conducive to boosting investor confidence and supporting the stock prices of listed companies.
Based on the estimated number of share repurchases made by A-share listed companies as a whole since the beginning of this year, as well as the average transaction price of the repurchased shares, the amount of incremental funding for the A-share market from the repurchase is expected to exceed 150 billion yuan.
The restoration of a large mural of the Tianyu Palace in Tianjin, a key cultural and security unit of the site, was completed on the 26th, and will be reopened during the National Day holiday this year.
The Temple of Hau is a large traditional fresco that reflects the life of Mazu in a comprehensive manner.
With the approval of the relevant government departments, Cai Changkui, the director of the original Tianjin Folklore Museum (Queen's Palace), painted from 1991 to 1994.
It is known that this mural painted on the north and south walls of the Temple, the length of 32 meters, 2.6 meters high, in two parts, with the afterbirth, the mat over the sea, feathered into the sky, and so on more than 30 stories, 358 characters reconstructed Mazu's life story.
Cai said that in recent years, Tianjin had a rainy summer and a dry winter, which had caused the fresco to rupture, covering 60% of its area.
In order to protect and save the mural of Mazu, the administration committee of the Nankai District of Tianjin City initiated the restoration of the Temple Great Hall and the inner fresco of the Temple.
The restoration project was led by Cai Changkui, who invited four famous Chinese painters to participate in the project.
The restoration work is based on the work of the principle of "as old as the old", but also the original fresco made a partial adjustment, the original fresco was not perfect for the original restoration of the area.
In restoration, we have also made innovations and experimented with colours, materials, brushwork and so on.
After the restoration, the original fresco style, spirituality, spirit and artistic style were preserved.
Built in 1326, the palace was originally known as the Palace of the Lady, and has been renovated several times, making it the oldest building in the city of Tianjin and one of the earliest extant Mazu temples in China.
On September 25, the opening ceremony of Beijing Daxing International Airport was held.
Beijing Daxing International Airport Terminal in the shape of the "Phoenix wings", known as the "Seven Wonders of the New World".
Beijing Capital International Airport is now overloaded, carrying 100 million + passengers last year, making it the second airport in the world to handle more than 100 million passengers in a year, after Atlanta.
By 2022, Beijing's Daxing International Airport is expected to handle 45 million passengers, accounting for 20% of international flights; by 2025, it will handle 72 million passengers, and the share of international flights is expected to reach 30%.
As the "new country door", how cool is it?
Beijing Daxing International Airport is located between Daxing District of Beijing and Guangyang District of Langfang City of Hebei Province, 46 km from Tiananmen.
The air terminal has a steel roof with a projected floor area of 180,000 m2, the size of 25 standard football stadiums.
Beijing Daxing International Airport is the world's first terminal with two arrival levels and two departure levels – the F1-F4 for international arrivals, domestic arrivals, domestic departures and international departures, respectively.
The airport is connected to the airport by a double-decker bridge, which corresponds to the air terminal F3, F4, and the air terminal F3, F4.
The first flight of Beijing Daxing International Airport started the era of Beijing's "double airport."
To date, a total of 66 airlines, including 20 domestic airlines and 46 regional and foreign airlines, have intended to join Beijing Daxing International Airport.
During the 2019 winter and spring season, Beijing Daxing International Airport is scheduled to open 116 routes, including 101 domestic routes and 15 international routes, covering 112 destinations worldwide, including 97 domestic and 15 international destinations.
This and the Beijing Capital International Airport form the "double hub" airport pattern of harmonious development, moderate competition, with international first-class competitiveness, which not only relieves the pressure of capacity saturation of the capital airport, but also can better meet the urgent need of rapid air transport growth in Beijing and the surrounding areas, effectively enhancing the international competitiveness of China's civil aviation industry.
In order to ensure its efficiency and quality, Beijing Daxing International Airport takes full account of its geographical location, its relation to the surrounding airspace and its operating environment. For the first time in the country, the airport has adopted an "all-directional" layout, adopting the world's largest air traffic control automation system and establishing the largest terminal control area in China, which can maximize the efficiency of aviation operations.
For the first time, domestic airports of this size have used the domestic automated baggage handling and information management system, and adopted the innovative baggage transfer mode to improve the efficiency of baggage handling system.
The first flight of Beijing Daxing International Airport heralded the phoenix showing off its wings with a cool take-off.
This new airport, which has created more than 40 international and domestic firsts and has a domestic production rate of more than 98%, will surely have a direct and indirect economic impact on the industries in the surrounding areas, injecting pie-in-the-sky vitality into the economic development of Beijing.
Ma is tentatively scheduled for transfer to the Communist Party to 16 years of age in November
Ma tentatively convened the Central Committee of the Communist Party congress in early November, which planned to change the party constitution to lower the party's age to 16.
Following the decision to lower the voting age for the general election, MCA announced that it would hold its 66th Central Congress this year to propose changes to the party constitution, which included the lowering of the voting age from the current 18 to 16 years of age.
The MCA president, Dato 'Seri Wei Jiaxiang, said that the MCA was due to hold the Central Congress on November 2 and 3 this year, but due to the by-election for the Dandong Biai parliamentary seat, the date of the congress may be changed.
He said that since the Electoral Commission would meet on 1 October to finalize the date of nomination and the date of voting for the by-election for the office for the by-election, they would meet on the following day, 2 October, to discuss whether to change the date of this year's Central Congress.
He also explained that the purpose of convening the committee yesterday was to finalize the date of the congress and the revision of the constitution, but that it happened with the fact that Member of Parliament Dato Mohadefai, a member of the Indigenous Unity Party, had died of illness and joined the agenda of the by-election.
Wang Boxiang, former secretary of Shouguang County Party Committee of Shandong Province
Wang Boxiang, Shandong, was born in February 1943 and, in 1967, worked as a Communist Party secretary, county party secretary, mayor, and so on.
In 1986, Wang Boxiang was appointed party secretary of Shouguang County in Shandong Province, which was then a poor county of Weifang.
Having been in office for five years, with the people in mind, Wang concentrated on three things: first, promoting the industrialization of vegetables; second, developing the Shoubei salt flats; and third, laying the foundation for industrial transformation, so that the Shouguang people have since bulged their pockets and raised their waists.
Shouguang farmers have a tradition of growing vegetables, but also lessons in growing vegetables.
In the early 1980s, Shouguang farmers had a bumper crop of vegetables that could not be sold and were rotten in the fields.
Wang Boxiang investigation found that the key to capture vegetables is to do a good circulation.
Shouguang was the first to set up a vegetable wholesale market, opened the prelude to the development of the market economy.
Party members and cadres should take the lead, screw up, all the losses in the county.
In 1989, with the support of Wang Boxiang, 17 members of the party set up 17 winter warm vegetable huts in the village.
Mobilised by Wang Boxiang, Wang Leyi guided tours of the various towns and townships; in the first year, he spread over 5,000 vegetable houses, the momentum of which spread to the county and the country as a whole.
For thousands of years, Shoubei 1.6 million acres of land in addition to the salt alkaline beach, is a shallow beach.
The life of the local people is very hard.
ShouNan has the vegetable big shed, how does the north of Shoubei do?
Wang Boxiang organized tens of thousands of people to fight a battle, in the desert alkaline beach camp, a task is 40 to 50 days.
At that time, Shoubei developed a shrimp pool of 150,000 mu, a salt field of 200,000 mu, a cotton field of 600,000 mu, and developed the "treasure pot", which was developed on the salt flats.
In July 1986, Wang participated for the first time in the Weifang Industrial Conference as the county party secretary.
During the meeting, issued a "Weifang city twelve counties urban industrial economic figures comparison table", at first glance, the total industrial output value, longevity is good, ranking the fourth place.
However, if the original salt is removed, Shouguang's pure industrial output would be only 119 million yuan, ranking in the bottom third.
Wang Boxiang with more than 70 people to take the tour, running to the field "change of mind."
Less than a year later, the county invested $150 million in 77 projects.
Since then, it has organized annual "study tours" to Shenzhen, Dongguan and Shanghai.
There is a dearth of businesses, and a dearth of entrepreneurs.
Wang Boxiang chaired a special meeting of the panel: in the county open selection of the plant director, 40 "enterprising people" stood out, was pushed to the front line of the industry.
In 1991, Shouguang entered the ranks of the country's top 100 counties, and Wang Boxiang was transferred to Weifang City as deputy mayor.
He left behind more than 200,000 vegetable huts, 1.2 million acres of cotton, salt and shrimp ponds, 4,854 enterprises, and more than 100,000 "million yuan", a cadre approved by the people, who still affectionately call him "our Boxiang secretary".
On September 26, 2006, Chinese State Councilor and Foreign Minister Wang Yi chaired the meeting of Foreign Ministers of China and African members of the UN Security Council at the UN headquarters in New York.
The Ministers for Foreign Affairs of the current member states of the Security Council in Africa, Côte d'Ivoire (South Africa), Equatorial Guinea, Foreign Minister Pandor, South Africa (South Africa), Niger Minister Kalla, and Tunisia Minister Jishnawi, attended the meeting.
Wang Yi put forward four proposals on strengthening China-Africa cooperation in the Security Council.
First, we can build strength through unity.
The biggest challenge in the current international situation is unilateralism. As a direct consequence, the basic norms governing international relations have been challenged, and the role of the United Nations has been undermined, to the detriment of the interests of developing countries and small and medium-sized countries, including African countries.
The response to this challenge requires the strength of unity, hand in hand and shoulder in hand.
In the Security Council, where the three African countries speak with one voice, the weight of the focus is not just three votes, but the entire continent.
By standing together, China and Africa will not just have four votes, but will lead other countries to follow suit, influencing and shaping the Council's agenda.
Since 2018, China and the African members of the Security Council have established the "3 + 1" coordination mechanism, which should be fully utilized.
Second, the settlement of disputes through negotiation.
China has always advocated political settlement of hotspot issues.Africa has a good tradition of consultation and the experience of successful mediation by African regional and sub-regional organizations.
Many of the complex dilemmas on the Council's agenda, in particular the hot spots in Africa, are mostly the bane of colonialism or are directly related to external factors.
We should make good use of Chapter VI of the UN Charter and give full play to the role of the UN in mediation and mediation.
Third, we should rely on our own efforts to strengthen ourselves.
African countries and peoples know the problems of Africa best, and Africa has the capacity and wisdom to solve its own problems.
In dealing with hot issues in Africa, the Council should focus on listening to and respecting the will of Africa, should play the role of regional and subregional organizations and should encourage and support endogenous solutions from Africa.
China is ready to strengthen coordination with Africa and firmly promote the capacity building of independent peace operations in Africa.
Fourthly, development is fundamental.
China and African countries are both developing countries.We must put economic and social development first and support each other in the road of development that they have chosen.
China is ready to build the One Belt One Road closely with the African Union's Agenda 2063, the United Nations 2030 Agenda for Sustainable Development and the development strategies of African countries to help them enhance their capacity for development and eliminate the root causes of conflicts.
We should jointly urge the United Nations to increase investment in Africa's development.
China has made and will continue to make every effort to provide assistance, provide human and material assistance within its capacity, coordinate actions with African countries, mobilize the United Nations and WHO to increase their assistance efforts, and give full play to the role of the United Nations Stabilization Mission in the Democratic Republic of the Congo.
Neonatology, such as relay to save small life.
Breathtaking!
The expectant mother had an early attack, and on the way to the hospital, a 32-week-old baby was born in her father's car.
Thanks to the timely management of obstetrics and neonatal paediatricians, the relay saved this small life.
Coincidentally, on the 19th, 20th, and 21st, the obstetrics and neonatology departments of Hubei Provincial Maternal and Child Health Center received three babies on the road three days in three days, the other two were both born in 120 emergency vehicles, both born at 29 weeks.
At 7: 00 a.m. on Sept. 19, feeling a pain in her stomach and thinking she was 32 weeks pregnant and that her first baby had been born prematurely, Ms. Cheng packed up her maternity supplies and went straight to the hospital after taking a bath.
At 9: 30, Mrs. Cheng packed up and let her husband drive from her home in Xudong to the hospital.
Not long after the car left the house, baby can not wait to be born in the father's car.
After 20 minutes, Ms. Cheng and her baby finally arrived at the obstetrics and gynecology building of the Hubei Provincial Maternal and Child Health Hospital.
The hospital security guard saw panic of the couple and baby, immediately notified the maternity ward, deputy chief physician Zhang Huan and other four doctors and midwife Liu Yan Yan carrying the delivery bag and umbilical cord disk rushed downstairs.
"At that time, the woman was half lying on the side of the car, under the water of amniotic fluid and blood, and a baby boy next to him, with the umbilical cord attached."
Zhang Huan asked to learn that the baby is a 32-week premature baby, on the way to the parents did not have time to cover the package for the child, early autumn morning has had cool, he freeze pale skin, no crying, limbs weak.
Liu Yanyan hurried to the vice driving to handle the baby's umbilical cord, Zhang Huan got out of the cab, quickly opened the package, kept the child warm with the inside therapeutic towel and bag cloth, and cleaned the newborn's airway (pictured), then took the baby to the neonatology unit on the 12th floor.
When the neonatology medical care learned the news, immediately rushed to the nurse station to save the premature baby.
At that time, the baby purple face, a condition of asphyxia, the doctor immediately made him a trachea intubation, less than a minute, the baby resumed a heartbeat, the color of the skin gradually returned to rosy, successful resuscitation.
After being admitted to hospital, the 32-week-old baby was put on a ventilator. He was resuscitated and breathed smoothly and successfully the next day.
After a week of treatment, the baby's vital signs are stable, breathing is smooth, and a small amount of breastfeeding has begun.
Coincidentally, on days 19, 20 and 21, the obstetrics and neonatology department received three children born on the road, two of whom were born in 120 emergency vehicles, both at 29 weeks of age, and actively treated in the neonatology department.
Sun Guoqiang, director of obstetrics at the provincial maternal and child health center, said that in recent years, mothers and children have received many babies born on the subway or in private cars. The poor management of this situation can threaten the lives of mothers and children.
Sun reminded, pregnant mother once appear abdominal pain, broken water, see red the phenomenon, should come to the hospital immediately.
If in the home or on the way to the birth, the mother should lie down as far as possible, can be padded in the buttock blanket, etc. to prevent the baby from hitting the ground after birth, immediately after childbirth to keep warm, as soon as possible to the nearest doctor.
Yue Xin Aeronautical Technology Corporation officially opened
The establishment of VSTEA was one of the details of the memorandum of cooperation signed between VAECO and ST Engineering Aerospace in April 2018, marking the first joint venture for aircraft equipment maintenance and repair in Vietnam.
Two leading aviation technology companies, Vietnam and Singapore, cooperate to provide aircraft equipment maintenance and repair services to domestic and foreign airlines.
The company's managing director, Yang Zhicheng, said that its consortium partner, ST Engineering Aerospace, was the world's largest and highest-level aircraft maintenance group.
The airline believes that this cooperation will bring benefits to both sides and is the beginning of a promising future partnership between the two sides.
According to Lim Serh Ghee, Managing Director of ST Engineering Aerospace, the sharing of experience between Vietnam Airlines and ST Engineering would enable the consortium to provide international maintenance and repair services and contribute to ensuring the safety of aviation companies.
The birth of VSTEA helped to expand the airline's potential to tap into the huge market for aircraft equipment maintenance and repair.
There is also a great opportunity to access modern technology and train senior aviation technicians.
In order to better meet the sustainable development needs of Vietnamese aviation industry.
Research shows that manufacturing has become the global focus of major national attention--Xinhua Net
Hefei, September 27 (Xinhua) -- The National Intellectual Property Operating Public Service Platform (NIPOPS) released the White Paper on the Global Manufacturing Innovation Index, in Hefei, Anhui Province, on Tuesday.
The white paper shows that manufacturing has become the focus of major national attention around the world.
This is the reporter at the "2019 World Manufacturing Congress Intellectual Property Operation and Protection Forum" held in Hefei.
The forum will explore innovative approaches to IPR operation and protection in manufacturing from the macro level of policy interpretation and the micro perspective of corporate practice, discuss in depth the hot topics of IPR protection in manufacturing, continuously enhance the ability to apply IPR in high quality, and accelerate the building of the advantages of intelligent upgrading in manufacturing.
The forum invited scholars from the State Intellectual Property Office and the Chinese Academy of Sciences, as well as experts from domestic and international industry organizations and professional research institutions, to share their experiences and suggestions on how to strengthen intellectual property protection and promote the use of intellectual property.
In 2018, Anhui Province was ranked eighth in the Patent Navigation Regional Innovation Quality Development Index and fourth in the Innovative Factors Concentration Index.
The forum was hosted by the Anhui Provincial People's Government and co-hosted by the Anhui Provincial Administration of Market Supervision, the National Public Service Platform for Intellectual Property, and the China Intellectual Property Development Alliance.
The opening ceremony of the 2019 China Open was attended by several Olympic champions today
Several Olympic champions will participate in the opening ceremony. The audience will sing "Me and My Country" with the Junior Choir
The 2019 China Open will officially start at the National Tennis Center today with a short, grand opening ceremony before the opening match of the evening match. Olympic champions and sports personalities will gather on the diamond court for the opening ceremony.
In the next nine days, including the 11th Golden Week, there will be a tennis boom in Beijing and the National Tennis Center will be a great place for fans to go for their holidays.
Since its inception in 2004, the China Open has spanned 15 spring and autumn seasons, and this year is the 16th time it has been held.
The total prize money for this year's tournament was another record high, at $11.16 million.
The total prize money for the women's tournament was $7.64 million, and compared to the Indian Wells and Miami crowns, the last two women's singles matches were 96 and 60 respectively, making it more cost-effective for players to play in the tournament.
The total prize money for the men's ATP 500 was a record $3.52 million, up from $3.4 million last year.
There will be a short and grand opening ceremony before the first match scheduled at the central stadium tonight.
In addition to the leaders and some of the players, there will be ten top performers from every field of Chinese sports, including the Olympic and world champions.
The opening match of the first round was played by China's Jinhua Pengshuai against Russian Ekaterina Kassakina, followed by the second match by American rookie Sofia Kennin against 2015 women's singles champion Mugurazza, which opened the 2019 tournament.
"The most beautiful unmarried princess in the world" is engaged!
26 (UPI) -- Buckingham Palace announced the engagement of Britain's Princess Beatrice and Mozzie, according to a news release from the British Subway newspaper.
Mr Mozzi is known to be a 34-year-old Italian billionaire working mainly in property development.
Beatrice will marry the property tycoon next year (2020).
Princess Beatrice is the eldest daughter of Queen Elizabeth II's granddaughter, Prince Andrew, and his ex-wife Sarah Ferguson, Duchess of York, and is fifth in the line of succession to the British throne.
The Duchess of York, 26, posted photos of her daughter's engagement on the social network and said: 'We are very pleased to announce that Princess Beatrice and Mr Mozzi are engaged.'
British sources said the two got engaged in Italy earlier this month.
The engagement photo was taken by Beatrice's sister, Eugenie.
'we are very pleased to share the news of our engagement with you, 'the pair said in a statement.
We are excited to join hands on the journey of life, and we can't wait to get married.
We share many similar interests and ideas that will make us more stable, loving and happy in the years to come.
A free throw for the most three-point shots?
On May 27, 2008, the NBA announced that it would trial the penalty shot rule, in which only one free throw is made per game, with the score determined by foul play.
O'Neal is among NBA stars with a low free-throw shooting percentage.
Under the new rules, two points for a two-point shot, three points for a three-point shot, and one point for a foul.
The last two minutes of regular time and extra time follow the previous penalty rule.
Although the new season was only piloted in the NBA Development League, fans were more concerned about what impact the rule would have on current players if it were introduced in the NBA.
As it stands, many believe the new rules may be good for the Harden and will 'suffer' the penalty compared with the less impressive James.
Wuhan Promotes Intelligent Transformation With a Subsidy of Up to 20 Million Yuan
Reporter 27 from Wuhan Government Information Office of "New China Yiying Military Games" to a series of press conference in the city, so far this year, the city to speed up the industrial intelligent transformation, and implement a maximum of 20 million yuan of transformation subsidies measures.
So far, more than 800 industrial enterprises of scale have collected the information of the demand of intelligent transformation.
Since this year, Wuhan has launched an action plan for the intelligent transformation of industrial enterprises, offering free consultation and diagnostic services to industrial enterprises above the required scale and proposing solutions to promote a new round of technological transformation of high-level enterprises in an all-round way, said Zhang Hong, deputy director of Wuhan Economic and Information Technology Bureau.
According to the plan, the city of Wuhan publicly selects a number of specialized diagnostic services each year, through the opening of columns, questionnaires, door-to-door reporting, etc. for all industrial enterprises above the size of the city to carry out intelligent transformation needs survey.
To date, has collected more than 800 rules and regulations on the demand for intelligent transformation of industrial enterprises, accounting for more than a third of the city's industrial enterprises.
Five city-level diagnostics platforms have organized teams to be based in the enterprises, conducting "one-to-one" on-site evaluation and program validation.
At present, the city is organizing the implementation of 373 intelligent transformation projects, with a total investment of 29.76 billion Yuan, such as Hongxin Communications China's first 5G intelligent production line, Motorola China's national leading intelligent mobile phone production line, the Wuhan Siemens transformer digital unmanned factory, the first batch satellite production line in the country's aerospace industry, Huisheng the biological world's leading intelligent veterinary medicine production line, the European intelligent home things networking intelligent production line, and a number of other leading intelligent workshops and intelligent factories began construction.
In addition, the city of Wuhan has increased its financial support for the intelligent transformation project.
These include investment in equipment hardware, research and development and software investment, with a transformation subsidy of 8%, up to $20 million.
At the same time, actively associated with the bank, Zhejiang branch of Wuhan, and other financial institutions, intelligent transformation of industrial enterprises to provide individualized financial services, to reduce the pressure of enterprise financing.
Trudeau “collapse, ” and can he be re-elected
This time Trudeau stumbling out of the "big hole", it is Trudeau himself a little bit dug out.
In recent days, the Canadian media have been ablaze with old photos of Prime Minister Trudeau posing as black.
This was seen as a clear act of racial discrimination that immediately caused a stir in Canada.
After it happened, Trudeau repeatedly apologized to the public.
Canadians, however, are not buying much.
Trudeau was able to lift a rock and throw it at his own feet.
As political commentator Riley and others have pointed out, since the rise of the anti-blackface movement in the United States, Trudeau and the federal Liberal Party have been vocal in accusing opposition parties or dissidents within their own party of "big losses" in this regard, and have repeatedly threatened that "whoever makes this mistake should be fired immediately".
In short, it was Trudeau himself who dug the "big hole" by stumbling across it this time.
Trudeau is the son of former Canadian Prime Minister Pierre Trudeau. He is young and handsome. When he first started out, he had a whirlwind of "political icons."
After taking over as head of the federal Liberal Party, he had an unexpectedly good fight in the 2015 federal legislative election, in which the Liberal Party won a majority of the seats in the lower house of the federal Parliament and gained a valuable single seat.
At the time, Trudeau put forward a number of radical platforms and ideas, such as “ethnic and gender equality, ”“ ecological protection, ” “economic revitalization, ” and an emphasis on ending corruption and“ malpractices. ”
In his five years in power, however, he has “gone high and low ” on almost all of these fronts.
In the case of “ethnicity and gender equality, ” he had previously“ spoken out ” on a series of aboriginal issues, leading aboriginal groups and leaders to move protest tents to Capitol Hill on the 150th anniversary of Canada ’ s founding.
In the fight against corruption, Mr. Trudeau became embroiled in the "Randall case" at the beginning of this year.
It was revealed that he had committed major irregularities against his construction company "Lan Wanling", pressuring the departments and officials in charge of the investigation to "raise their hand".
Trudeau instead moved to anger at the officials who disclosed the fraud – Wang Zhoudi, as mentioned earlier, was the first Canadian attorney general to directly handle the case.
Although the case itself is questionable, its suspicions are difficult to wash.
Many observers point out that the collapse of Trudeau ’ s five years in power was largely the result of his own “pit ”, and that the three largest“ pits ” were those of “self-consequences, ” and“ being more generous than himself and strict with the law. ”
Canada ’ s most authoritative Anguss-Reid poll data shows that, from 2015 to the present, Trudeau supporters have slipped from more than 60% to more than 30%, while opponents have soared from less than 30% to more than 60%.
Although other opposition parties and their party leaders also performed poorly, a significant proportion of voters who were still willing to vote for the federal Liberal Party now disapprove of the chancellor, the head of the governing party.
On October 21, when the new Canadian federal legislative election is about to begin, can Trudeau repeat the repertoire of his big win five years ago?
The answer may be just one word: Difficult.
Whether from the competition level of enterprises, consumer experience level, regional aviation integration, Beijing-Tianjin-Hebei development integration level, it has a profound impact and positive significance.
On September 25, Beijing Daxing International Airport was officially opened.
The new Beijing News reporter from the Beijing Development and Reform Commission informed that the capital airport has been in a state of oversaturation operation, the opening of Daxing International Airport, will enhance the capital aviation service capacity.
After Shanghai, Beijing has become the second city in China to have two airports, with Shanghai Hongqiao International Airport will be differentiated and positioned to serve different domestic and international air services.
Daxing Airport, from the business development point of view, for the capital airport is more of a positive impact.
In 2018, the airport has a passenger throughput of over 100 million passengers, the highest in the country, although there is still a significant capacity gap compared to the rapidly growing business demand, especially for international routes.
In order to better serve domestic and international passenger travel and business travel needs, and to meet Beijing's increasingly open and international trend of urban development, Daxing International Airport has been established as a large international hub airport.
Therefore, the two airports do not overlap, targeting different customer groups, but also have sufficient market space.
From an economic point of view, the opening of Daxing International Airport will obviously have a win-win effect, easing the tension in Beijing's air capacity, accelerating the growth of passenger and cargo throughput, and creating an incremental cake for the capital's air operations.
From the point of view of the user, with the Daxing International Airport, it is not necessary to concentrate on the Capital Airport in the future, but also to reduce a number of problems caused by the over-concentration of routes, such as longer journey times, slower boarding speed for passengers, indirectly increasing the waiting time of aircraft and passengers at the airport, increasing the burden, reducing air travel through the Capital Airport, and actually improving the passenger experience.
According to the media estimates of the time and cost of a variety of transport routes to large international airports, such as going from the South Fifth Ring to Beijing and going directly to Daxing Airport, 50 minutes to drive, oil money back and forth about 40 yuan, high-speed cost of 15 yuan; and the choice of rail transit Daxing Airport Line, based on the distance of 20 km, 30 km, the fare is divided into 10 yuan, 25 yuan, 35 yuan three yuan; citizens can also travel between Beijing and Kaohsiung City Intercity, from Beijing West Station to Daxing Airport Station is just over 20 minutes.
In general, there are a variety of transport options available to the public, and the cost and time are within a reasonable range.
From the perspective of trend development: Daxing airport is located in the Beijing-Tianjin-Hebei transportation hub, so the distance from the Beijing urban area is a little distance, but enhanced radiation to Hebei, Tianjin, facilitate more people to travel, for the promotion of the economic development of Hebei, Tianjin is of great significance.
In the future, passengers in Hebei and Tianjin can enjoy more international air services provided by Daxing International Airport, as can be seen from the transportation planning of Daxing Airport.
In addition to the new airport line from downtown Beijing to Daxing Airport, there are also a number of expressways connecting Daxing Airport with the surrounding area.
Just as the passengers from Dongguan, Foshan, Qingyuan and other cities in Guangdong can go to Guangzhou Baiyun Airport via the Guangzhou Buddha, Guang Shen and other highways, the residents of Langfang, Xiong'an New Area and other areas around Beijing will also benefit from the Daxing Airport for convenient and efficient air services.
It can be seen that the opening of Daxing International Airport is more than just the addition of a few runways and a few aircraft, whether from the level of enterprise competition, the level of consumer experience, or the level of regional aviation integration and Beijing-Tianjin-Hebei development integration, it has a profound influence and positive significance, not only on the long-term layout and development of the shipping industry in Beijing, to provide a variety of options for the travel of Beijing-Tianjin-Hebei residents, to further promote the quality of service of Beijing's shipping industry, to promote the process of integrated development of Beijing-Tianjin-Hebei, but also to promote the economic and trade development of the area around Daxing Airport.
Therefore, for the Daxing airport navigation, we are not only the economic individual of small accounts, but also the overall development of the big account.
2013. pp. 27. "up 1.46%".
Shenzhen, September 27 (Xinhua) -- hit a record high on Monday and reported a high of 6,077.23, up 87.55 points, or 1.46 percent, from the previous trading day.
On the same day, the value of small and medium plate transactions was 10.8 billion yuan, 31.9 billion yuan less than the previous trading day.
Among the small stocks traded on the same day, 668 stocks closed higher, to promote the creativity of the other 15 stocks trading; 222 stocks closed down, Shun Wei shares, the other four stocks limit; such as Wei Xing shares, 40 stocks closed.
2019 Vietnam Economic and Social Forum held in Thanh Thanh Thanh Province, Vietnam
The deputy head of Vietnam's National Assembly Economic Committee, Nguyen Duc Jian, revealed that at the beginning of this year, Vietnam's economic and social development has shown many new signs of improvement and continued to maintain the growth trend.
The forum focused on the economic and social issues highlighted in the first few months of 2019, and proposed measures for economic and social development at the end of 2019 and 2020.
At the forum, participants had an in-depth exchange of views and views on four themes: economic developments in 2019 and the impact of some FTAs, some salient issues in the Vietnamese economy in 2019, salient issues in the Vietnamese society and culture in 2019, and projections and recommendations for the economic and social development of Viet Nam in 2020.
There was general agreement that the first few months of 2019 had seen a slowdown in global economic growth and an increase in risks and challenges.
Trade frictions among major economies have further shrunk global trade and investment.
The International Monetary Fund has concluded that, despite uncertainty in the global economy, in which 70% of the world ’ s economies have stagnated, Vietnam ’ s economy has made many promising gains, with stable macroeconomic performance and effectively controlled inflation, with the consumer price index growing at an average of 2.64% in the first half of 2019, the lowest rate in nearly three years.
GDP grew by 6.76% in the first half of 2019, down from 7.05% in the same period last year, but still at a much higher rate than in the same period in the 2011-2017 period.
In a forecast of economic development trends in Vietnam in 2019-2020, Deng Deying, Deputy Director of the National Economic and Social Forecasting Center of Vietnam, said that, against the backdrop of turbulence in the world economy, Vietnam's economy in 2019 showed high growth momentum.
It is expected that by 2020, Viet Nam's macro-economy will remain basically stable, the implementation of various free trade agreements will boost the development of trade, economic restructuring and improvement of the business environment will be further strengthened, and Viet Nam's external export activities will decline due to trade frictions.
Therefore, it is necessary to strengthen monitoring and early warning mechanisms, proactively seek trade relief measures for Viet Nam's export commodities, seek opportunities to develop new export markets and facilitate the export of various commodities such as agricultural and aquatic products.
At the same time, inflation rates should be kept at reasonable levels, thereby promoting the development of complementary industries and supporting the development of, inter alia, high-tech agriculture, organic agriculture and agroecology.
Liu Zhijie, director of the Chinese Embassy's consular office in Siem Reap, held a reception in Siem Reap on Sunday to celebrate the 70th anniversary of the founding of New China.
Liu said that in the 70 years since the founding of New China, China has actively participated in international affairs, contributed more Chinese wisdom and programs to improve global economic governance and promote common global development, made important contributions to world peace and development, and brought tangible benefits to Cambodia's economic development and people's livelihood.
Liu said that as the world's second largest economy, China contributes more than 30% to world economic growth, especially China's "One Belt, One Road" initiative, and cooperation between various Chinese provinces and cities and the provinces of Siem Reap and the region has been deepening.
He said this year marks the opening of 61 years of diplomatic relations between the two countries, and that the mutually-beneficial cooperation between the two countries will become the driving force for economic and social development in the region.
Dikseha, governor of Siem Reap province, highly commended the great achievements made by New China over the past 70 years and congratulated the two countries on the achievements in their friendly cooperation.
Desai Ha expects the two sides to continue to work together to promote China-Cambodia friendship and cooperation, enhance mutual trust, mutual benefit and continuous improvement of people's living standards, he said.
So far, the results of the cooperation, such as a large-scale cultural performing arts project, The Smile in Angkor, and the fall of the Angkor Dynasty, the Siem Reap Reap-Guangxi Agricultural Demonstration Park, a new international airport project in Siem Reap, a special training course for Siem Reap government officials, scholarship for Siem Reap students to China, medical consultations in villages and the renovation of roads in urban areas; and "Guang Ming Xing", a public welfare project, have borne fruit, and the Siem Reap people have become direct beneficiaries in the friendly cooperation between China and Cambodia.
The reception was attended by the Secretary of State of the Ministry of Defence of Cambodia, Km Man-song, the Chairman of the Siem Reap Provincial Council, Ong Heng, the Governor of the 5th Province of Cambodia, the Siem Reap Branch of the Chinese Council, volunteer teachers, representatives of the Siem Reap Branch of the Chinese Chamber of Commerce in Cambodia, representatives of Chinese enterprises and representatives of the foreign tour leaders in Siem Reap, Cambodia.
Cloud town to witness China's Decade-long "Cloud Rise" in digital China (VIDEO) - RT News
If we take the 2009 local web forum as a starting point, the conference, held in Hangzhou from 25 to 27, has already passed a full decade.
From the concept of a "cloud in a cloud" to the practice of "cloud in a cloud," big data and cloud computing have become one of the core technologies underpinning China's economic development, social management, and public services in 10 years.
At Zhengtai New Energy Photovoltaic Battery Workshop in Haining, Zhejiang Province, recent quality inspectors are flanked by more new "colleagues" loaded with Ariyun's AI.
It is around-the-clock, identification speed is more than twice that of man, and the accuracy of quality inspection is stable at more than 95%.
The company chief said the quality inspector, who has a camera, has focused on learning more than 40,000 defective samples, which, with the power of cloud computing behind them, can quickly convert infrared images into binary language and sort and place defective cells.
The company is only the epitome of the transformation of today's cloud computing power manufacturing.
In 2018, the Ministry of Industry and Information Technology published the Guide for the Implementation of the Upper Cloud (2018 – 2020), which states that by 2020, enterprises should have a significantly higher awareness and motivation of the cloud and a significantly higher percentage of the cloud and the depth of its application.
Ali Cloud founder Wang Jian says that today, data-centric cloud computing has built bridges and opened the way to a digital economy where data is a key factor.
At the same time, in the past 10 years, the scale of China's cloud computing industry has been expanding.
According to the White Paper on the Development of Cloud Computing (2019), released by the China Information and Communications Technology Research Institute in July, the overall market size of cloud computing in China in 2018 reached 96.28 billion yuan, up 39.2% from 2017.
In addition to being the key technology underpinning industrial transformation and the development of the digital economy, the invisible “cloud ” has unwittingly transformed urban management and social life.
The city brain, unveiled three years in a row at this year's conference, is still attracting attention.
At present, the urban brain has been transformed from a transportation governance tool into a hub of urban management, and the cooperative application has been extended to 23 cities around the world, he said.
Through camera perception, AI algorithms, and strong computing power, the urban brain has enabled new city-management capabilities such as “parking first, paying later, ”“ seeing people in real time, ” or “tourist route design. ”
In the area of government services, "one cloud" docking "one thing", "handheld office" "hand in hand" business "coordinated advance, cloud computing for government services to bring convenience to both ends of the supply.
Currently, Zhejiang has built a unified public data platform for the whole province through the cloud of government.
As of September 11, the platform had covered more than 57 million permanent residents and more than 15 million corporate units in the province, with a total of 3,066 categories of 19.08 billion data sets.
On average, 12 million calls a month have been made and shared between government departments in Zhejiang Province, and each additional call on the cloud may mean that people run fewer errands.
Beware of using plastic tea bags to make tea!
A recent Canadian study found that a bag of plastic tea could release billions, if not billions, of tiny plastic particles, significantly higher than a person's estimated annual intake of microplastics, but there is no evidence that ingesting small plastic particles poses a threat to humans.
Researchers at Canada's McGill University have found that by immersing a plastic tea bag in a cup of almost boiling hot water (95 degrees Celsius), the tea bag will release about 11.6 billion plastic particles and 3.1 billion smaller nanoplastic particles into the cup, the newspaper reported.
This amount is significantly higher than the amount of microplastics a person is estimated to consume throughout the year.
According to research published earlier in 2019, the average person eats at least 50,000 plastic particles a year, while inhaling the same amount of microplastics.
Writing in the Journal of Environmental Science and Technology, the researchers tested four different types of plastic commercial tea bags in Montreal shops and cafes, opened them, washed them, dipped them in almost boiling water for five minutes, and analyzed them with an electron microscope and spectrometer.
According to the study, they found that a single tea bag emitted more than 11.6 billion plastic particles, "several orders of magnitude higher than the plastic load of other food items".
Most tea bags are made from natural fibres, but many brands that use natural fibres to make tea bags still use plastic to seal the closures, the report said.
Some branded tea bags, which the researchers tested, have switched from paper to plastic.
Plastic particles are tiny pieces of plastic, which researchers define as being between 100 nm and 5 mm in size and produced mainly by the decomposition of plastic waste.
Researchers found traces of plastic particles in air, soil, rivers and the deepest trenches around the world, as well as in tap water, bottled water, seafood and beer.
Researchers first detected plastic particles in human fecal samples from several countries in different regions of the world in October 2018.
To test the potential toxicity of the plastic particles released from tea bags, the Canadian research team placed water fleas in contaminated water and found that microplastics affected their behaviour and caused them to develop deformities.
According to the World Health Organization (WHO), there is no evidence to date that ingestion of plastic particles poses a threat to humans.
However, the WHO noted that more research is needed to fully understand how these plastics spread into the environment and what impact they have on humans.
The researchers speculate that the large amount of plastic particles released by the bags may be due to the fact that the bags are in contact with boiling water and may break down or exude toxic substances even when "edible grade" plastic is heated to temperatures above 40 degrees Celsius.
Mr Guterres said the climate emergency was the biggest threat to the survival of the small island nation.
There, a natural disaster can erode the development gains of a generation.
This has been illustrated by the hurricanes that have struck Barbuda, Dominica and the Bahamas so far this year.
About a quarter of the population of small island developing States live at an altitude of 5 metres or less.
Relocation could seriously affect their societies and way of life and even raise issues of sovereignty and national identity.
At a summit on climate action on Monday, small island states worked together to achieve carbon-neutral and 100% renewable energy by 2030, and they are once again leading the world in the right direction.
"The climate crisis is piling up new injustices on top of the old ones," Guterres said.
Although small island developing States contributed little to global warming, they paid the highest price.
Because of their middle-income status, many countries are also caught in an accelerating and unsustainable cycle of disasters and debt.
The world must act, and now is the time to make big decisions and invest heavily in small island developing States, "he said.
Today's high-level meeting adopted a political declaration calling for finding ways to help small island developing States manage disaster risks, invest in climate-resilient infrastructure and make the transition to renewable energy; and urging international agencies to help small island developing States, particularly highly indebted middle-income countries, access finance.
Small island developing States are at the forefront of protecting and conserving the Earth ’ s lifeline, the oceans.
The latest special report, released this week by the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change, confirms that the oceans have suffered the dire consequences of the climate crisis.
By mid-century, many regions are likely to experience extreme sea level rise every year that would have occurred only once in a century.
The report warns that without significant investment in adaptation, some island nations are likely to become uninhabitable.
Pollution, overfishing and acidification have caused enormous losses.
In the last 150 years, the world has lost half of all living corals, and in the past 40 years, plastic pollution has increased tenfold.
The demand from industry, shipping, mining and tourism is leading to a reduction in resources, including the maintenance of fisheries in many island communities.
Small island States also face high costs of transport, energy and infrastructure.
They are heavily dependent on a number of external markets, making them vulnerable to price fluctuations.
Some States are also making efforts to address the security implications of illicit trafficking in persons, arms and drugs.
"By solving a problem in the most challenging of circumstances, the problem can be solved anywhere," Guterres said.
The efforts of small island developing States to achieve the 2030 Agenda for Sustainable Development will provide us with tools, lessons learned and examples for the world to learn from. "
He stressed that small island developing States were a special case for sustainable development.
They require the long-term attention and investment of the entire international community.
India's finance ministry says the financial system is illiquid.
Indian Finance Minister Sitharaman 26 said the current financial system liquidity, driven by holiday consumer demand, India's economic growth is expected to recover in the second half of the current fiscal year.
Seetharaman made the announcement after a meeting with representatives of India's private banks, non-bank financial institutions, housing banks and other institutions.
Seitaraman did not specify the targeted nature of the remarks.
Earlier, some Indian and overseas media blamed the ongoing slowdown in India's economy on the tight liquidity of non-bank financial institutions.
Seetaraman cited the decline in car sales as an example, denying that liquidity constraints were the main cause of the decline.
Seetaraman noted that the decline in car sales was mainly driven by cyclical factors.
Mr Sitaraman expects India's economy to recover in the second half of the fiscal year, driven by holiday spending.
India's annual shopping season begins in September and will run until the end of the year.
Shopping consumption is expected to contribute significantly to India's economic growth.
The Jiangxi Provincial Education Department recently issued a notice to prohibit the entire province's primary and secondary schools during the National Day holiday to make up for violations of the law, and will organize personnel to carry out unannounced visits at random.
In the issued circular on the strict prohibition of the renewal of classes during the National Day holiday, the Jiangxi Provincial Education Department stressed that determined work should be done by all local primary and secondary schools during the National Day holiday: No collective remedial classes or new classes should be organized, no discipline training courses, special classes, Odyssey classes, interest classes, promotion classes should be held, and no campus or school premises should be leased to other educational institutions to hold training courses of any kind.
At the same time, in-service primary and secondary school and secondary school teachers are strictly forbidden to organize, recommend or induce students to participate in remedial classes for school violations, in-service primary and secondary school teachers are strictly prohibited from participating in out-of-school training institutions or those organized by other teachers, parents, parents' committees, etc., and in-service primary and secondary school teachers are strictly prohibited from introducing the source of students and providing relevant information to out-of-school training institutions and to others.
The circular makes clear that, in respect of the verified the violation violation in primary and secondary schools, the local education administration department will increase the penalty points in the assessment of high-quality development education of the county government in the same year; and that teachers who participate in the violation will be dealt with seriously in accordance with the relevant provisions on teacher ethics.
Supporting pig production to ensure market supply
Sui demands that all measures be carried out from six aspects.
Teleconferencing on the implementation of the policies and measures of the central, provincial and provincial governments on supporting production of pig and ensuring market supply for pig production was held today.
Sui loyalty requirements, from six aspects of good pig production measures to implement.
This year, a total of 45 million live pigs have been sent to each city and state to be included in the accountability system.
We should do a good job of implementing policies and measures and solving the problem of "the last kilometre".
We should focus on the production and implementation of fertile sows, conscientiously implement the subsidy policy for fertile sows, encourage pig raising enterprises to expand the scale of pig breeding, and keep excellent sows from the commercial pig population in a planned way.
We should do a good job of attracting investment and take the famous domestic large aquaculture enterprises which have not yet entered our province as the top priority of attracting investment.
We should do a good job of implementing the market circulation system, speed up the construction of cold chain logistics facilities for pigs, and promote the transformation from "regulating pigs" to "regulating meat" in an all-round way.
All localities should be equipped with basic epidemic prevention and quarantine personnel appropriate to the scale of cultivation and the task of work, and build up the first line of defense against epidemic diseases.
Sui demands that all efforts be made to ensure meat market supply, to ensure that there is no large-scale shortage and widespread supply, to ensure a stable pork market on major holidays.
The meeting also made arrangements for the prevention and control, prevention and control of the disease, de-trapping in important areas in the valley of the Yangtze River, the acquisition of late rice, and so on.
Speaking of the Motherland, National Soul, White Rabbit, etc.
"My and my homeland" campus card points to make college students "happy".
The four famous old Shanghai characters gathered on the 27th day of the "Art Party Course" at the East China University of Technology, which included four representatives of the old Shanghai characters with an average history of more than 90 years.
On-site display of old brand products.
In the classroom to tell the story let students so that students do not think, outside of the classroom carefully set up the old brand display of products, as well as "I and my motherland" campus card points for the students "happy."
Great White Rabbit lipstick, the White Rabbit ice cream... As an old brand, White Rabbit Creamy Sugar in recent years actively seeking change, proactive attack, adhere to innovation and cross-border.
The White Rabbit, born in 1959, coincides with his 60th birthday.
Shao Wansheng also set his sights on the youth consumption group.
Wang Weijie, Party branch secretary and deputy general manager of Shao Wansheng Food Co. Ltd. in Shanghai, said that "Spring is full of abalone, summer is full of bad fish, autumn wind is full of drunk shrimp, winter clouds are full of drunk crabs", reflecting people's constant innovation in "eating".
The company also from the taste innovation, cartoon packaging design to further explore the brand culture, in order to adapt to the younger generation of consumer groups.
Old name representative in the "art party class" on the spot to talk about the path of innovation.
Yu Jie, manager of Shanghai Seafood Chop New Year Cake Catering Co., Ltd., agrees, "All innovations are based on solid foundation, and every innovation is a process of thick and thin.
The expectation of the old name is hidden in the heart of every man.
The era of small and beauty, with products at the center, should begin. ”
As one of the first "old Chinese brands" ", on the seafood also quickly adapt to the trend, brand VI visual upgrade, the introduction of a professional operating team, and achieve a substantial increase in turnover.
"Old names are not only in the supermarket and other traditional channels can be seen, now the old names will actively participate in new retail and various activities.
All of our changes will ultimately have to be so that consumers can see, hear and finally buy.
Shanghai Soap (Group) Co., Ltd deputy general manager Ouyang Yiling said.
In the future, Shanghai soaps will also adhere to high-end development, systematic development of a broad prospect, user satisfaction of energy-saving environmental protection products, adhere to the high-tech content and high economic benefits.
Through this art party class, the students reaped a lot.
I grew up with the old name, carrying the memories and emotions of my childhood.
The song is a lament of the students.
Shanghai time-honored brand representative for more than 200 young students to tell the time-honored brand of the motherland, the national soul.
As a design student, we need to think and explore how to tap into the brand culture and let the high quality traditional culture be passed on from generation to generation.
Based on the "Shanghai Image" project of Ding Wei, Dean of the School of Arts of East China University of Science and Technology, and Prof. Ni Jun's "Old name Integrated Brand Innovation Studio", this class hopes to explore the cultural potential and modern commercial value of the Old names, use the competitiveness and influence of the old Shanghai names, enhance the concentration of cultural radiant power of the old Shanghai names, realize the industrial effect of "1 + 1 > 2" in the form of "Design + Culture", and present the Shanghai culture from a new perspective.
It is reported that the "art party class" will continue to invite masters of literature, painting, ceramics, non-heritage masters, architecture masters, landscape masters as instructors, through their stories of the innovation and adherence to the heritage of Chinese culture, highlight the characteristics of the times, further strengthen the ideals and beliefs of college students, nurture the patriotic feelings of college students, use works to speak, give a voice, innovate the form of party classes, do the theme party subjects of great interest to the students, enhance their ideology, theory and affinity, orientation, enhance the infectious power of the party class, and train a new generation capable of assuming the role of national rejuvenation!
Shinzo Abe taped a video celebrating the 70th anniversary of China's founding, and also spoke in Chinese
26 local time, Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe congratulated the People's Republic of China on its 70th anniversary via video.
Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe: Good evening everyone, I am Shinzo Abe.
On the occasion of the 70th anniversary of the founding of the People's Republic of China, I would like, on behalf of the Government and people of Japan, to extend our warm congratulations.
At the G20 Osaka Summit in June, Japan and China announced the firm will of the G-20 through the Osaka Summit Declaration.
Moreover, at the Japan-China summit talks and dinner before the summit, the two sides agreed that President Xi Jinping would pay a state visit to Japan next spring, with the same determination to usher in a new Japan-China era.
Japan and China share a great responsibility for peace and prosperity in Asia and the world.
I firmly believe that the two countries will work together to address the problems facing the region and the world and contribute to the international community.
In conclusion, I wish the China-Japan relationship flourishing and our friends a prosperous career.
"Overage migrant workers on some sites are estimated to account for more than half," he said.
Where to find the young workers now?
I didn't want to use so many 'old people' on the site either.
Recently, there are many over-age migrant workers on the construction site (over the retirement age), Zou Kui, who has been working as a construction contractor for many years, lamented.
Recently, the author of the university rain diversion project, the campus of a number of migrant workers, if careful observation, will find that there are a lot of over-age migrant workers.
Over-age migrant workers are not “idle, ” but“ idle, ” with the “have to do ” frustration and hardship – whether saving for their pension and medical care or helping their children – that drives these older people to continue their hard work.
Over-age migrant workers' "old has some basis", is not as easy as we think it is.
Raising children, supporting the elderly, reading for their children, helping them build a house and buy a car, helping them start a family and raise grandchildren from generation to generation. By the time these migrant workers have accomplished their “life mission, ” the purse strings have been emptied and even there are many debts, most of them lacking the accumulation of wealth.
In order not to drag the children also in order to accumulate more wealth for their own, many migrant workers insist on "until the time to dry."
The reluctance of “post-90 ” and“ post-00 ” generations of new migrant workers to engage in difficult conditions, labour-intensive secondary industries or low-end service industries has created a structural “labour shortage, ” creating unattractive jobs that offer opportunities for overage migrant workers.
Owing to the lack of skills and the decline in physical functions and working capacity, many over-age migrant workers are engaged in jobs with high intensity, low incomes, high risks and little security.
Capable day is a day, can earn a little more is a little, "can not idle" behind the survival plight of over-age migrant workers, can not be ignored and ignored.
The solution to the problem of difficulties in paying and collecting wages, improving labor protection, reducing safety risks, increasing labor income, and improving the survival of over-age migrant workers, in addition to their “self-redemption, ” is also inseparable from the institutional protection and humane care of the public sector.
Some scholars point out that over-age migrant workers are no longer likely to rely on home farming to solve their pension and medical problems, they have to support their families through other means.
It is helpful for us to better understand the love and pain of over-age migrant workers.
Seeing the backs of over-age migrant workers, hearing their sighs, and finding ways to bring them back to the countryside to truly achieve “old age, ” requires shared responsibility and concerted efforts on the part of the public sector, the market, and society in a virtuous interaction.
He said Russia will not export the system in the next five years because it "supplies its own army first and then produces it for export.
This practice is fully in line with international practice.
Major producers of arms and military equipment always ensure their national defence needs first before processing export orders.
Earlier, the deputy commander of Russia's space forces, General Yuri Glekhov, said development of the system was nearing completion.
The S-500 system was developed by Diamond Antelope Aerospace Defense.
This is a new generation of air defence systems, using the working principles used to destroy ballistic and aerodynamic targets.
The main role of the S-500 is to intercept medium-range ballistic missiles, capable of intercepting missiles with a range of less than 3,500 km.
In addition, according to some sources, the S-500 can destroy hypersonic cruise missiles as well as aircraft, almost all types of unmanned aircraft, hypersonic missiles more than five times the speed of sound, and even targets near space.
Such weapons can also be integrated into a unified network with other air defence systems, in particular the S-400, which is important from a defence perspective.
Sergei Cemtsov expressed particular concern about the S-400.
He said the system is in great demand in the world at the moment, but it is also needed by the Russian military, including in the Arctic.
S-400 air defense systems in service with the Arctic Air Defense Regiment.
According to a news release on 15 September, work had been completed on the S-400 anti-aircraft missile system of the Novaya Zemlya Polar Air Defence Regiment, which is part of the Russian Air Force.
This is not Russia's militarization in the Arctic.
According to the Russian Ministry of Defense, this is entirely a process within the plan for transition to more advanced defensive tools in the strategic direction to the north.
"With the transition to the new S-400 air defense system, the controlled airspace in the Arctic region has significantly increased," the Russian Northern Fleet press service said.
Importantly, the use of the system in the Far North and the Arctic has been assessed by the military as being very successful.
Members of the Air Defence Regiment were trained on the new system and prepared for combat duty.
Previously, it was equipped with the S-300 long-range air defense system, but it is still part of the system.
When it comes to air defense systems, they must have weapons capable of destroying all kinds of air targets, be it targets flying at high speeds in the outer layers or near "leaky fish" in protected facilities.
According to open sources, the S-400 "Triumph" system, developed by "Golden Diamonds Antelope" Defense for Sky Defence, is designed to be used against strategic and tactical aircraft, ballistic missiles, hypersonic targets, and other aerial attack weapons.
This weapon can attack aerodynamic targets at a range of 400 km and shoot down ballistic targets at a range of 60 km at 4.8 km / s.
Russia has made no secret of the fact that it will deploy additional air defense forces in the Far North to secure the airspace over the northern sea.
Not long ago, the first 12 sets of Tor-M2DT anti-aircraft missile systems were delivered to the Russian Arctic, enough to form an anti-aircraft battalion to strengthen anti-aircraft systems in the Arctic.
The Russian Defense Ministry said at the time that the Arctic "Thor" force would be expanded to full brigade-size units in the future.
Coupled with the new S-400 long-range systems deployed to Novaya Zemlya and the Kola Peninsula, and the Pantsir-SA short-range system deployed in the Far North, these advanced air defense weapons are a powerful defense of Russia's polar skies.
Enemy planes, helicopters and drone missiles will be hard to break through this defense.
According to the Russian government's thinking, the flagship store will be a platform for Russian manufacturers to place their goods, avoiding the complex and lengthy process of opening their own stores.
The company, which is a Russian store operator, focuses on selling Russian goods in China.
Most Russian outlets are available online on China's largest trading platforms, such as Tmall, JD, 1688, Pinduodo, ShouQ, WeChat, as well as its own online platform, Epinduo.com, and Russian retail chain stores.
The Russian export centre will work with the Russian Federation to develop store marketing strategies and engagement criteria, as well as screening companies for products on virtual shelves.
The store plans to open by the end of this year and stock the products of at least 10 Russian manufacturers.
According to the Russian Export Center, the total number of monthly visits to the platform is 1 billion.
Meanwhile, food exports to China have been growing steadily since 2014, surpassing $1 billion in 2018.
For now, Alibaba Group will also open pilot stores selling goods from New Zealand, Malaysia and Singapore within the framework of its global import strategy.
The new store will display goods from businesses with sales of at least 500 million rubles, according to Alexei Kozhevnikov.
To be honest, my expectations were higher, and the sales of 500 million roubles were not even close to what they should have been.
We all know that Chinese consumers have a very positive attitude towards Russian goods and regard our goods as high quality and green products.
The competition for Chinese consumers with strong purchasing power is fierce and intensifying, he said.
"We have an ambitious target to launch 500 businesses through this store in three years," he said.
At the same time, the platform is also on the products of enterprises in the Russian Far East.
"This is a political project that represents the image of both sides, because the Russian export center is a state-owned, not a private institution," said Vyacheslav Cheglov, a professor at the Department of the Foundation of Trade Policy at Russia's Plekhanov University of Economics.
"I don't see a lot of very competitive Russian goods on the market."
He believed that the project would probably not be really implemented, but would help to strengthen relations between the two countries.
Andrey Slepnev, president of the Russian Export Center, said during the Eastern Economic Forum that information on the products of more than 170 Russian companies had been published on Alibaba.com, the largest international wholesale online platform, and could be bought in China or other countries, RIA Novosti reported.
There is also a model of cooperation with Alibaba Group, a training programme for Russian companies by experts from Taobao University, whose first seminar was held in July this year.
The Russian export center will also serve as an organizer for Russian enterprises participating in trade exhibitions and commercial projects at the Second China International Import Expo in Shanghai in November.
A large-scale exhibition will be held in the 1,000-square-meter exhibition hall, which will also serve as a hub for business project activities, signing ceremonies, presentations and talks with representatives of Chinese companies.
About 50 applications from Russian agribusiness have been received so far.
"In addition to the agricultural exhibition stands, we will certainly hold business meetings, that is, arrange direct contacts between entrepreneurs," said the Russian Export Center News Service.
"This is another direction of our efforts in order to support businesses and ensure that dozens of special meetings are arranged for them," he said. (Agencies)
The expo will also feature masterclasses, culinary competitions and a tasting of Russian cuisine by renowned chefs from the Discovery of Russian Food Shanghai Station project.
Police await a full report and instructions from the Attorney General's Office to take their next steps after a verdict of non-accidental death was handed down by the coroner's court in Mohd al-Adi on Friday.
In a statement on Friday, the National Police Criminal Investigation Bureau (NCPCID), acting on the verdict of the Coroner's Court, said police would await further instructions from the Attorney General's Office.
In his statement, he stressed that police have never terminated the investigation into Muhammad's death, while the investigation is still under way.
On the other hand, Syracuse Police Chief Nora Zhan said police will wait for a full report on the contents of the ruling before taking action.
He was asked about the incident Friday morning at the Syracuse Police Headquarters after attending the handover ceremony for Syracuse's deputy police chief.
He said police were investigating the case based on relevant reports.
He added that the police would also look at the progress of the investigation and decide whether or not to summon the person who had made the statement.
Reporters learned from the Beijing Landscape Bureau, in order to welcome the 70th anniversary of the founding of New China, Beijing recently take Chang'an Street and its routes as the main axis to enhance the landscape, to create a peaceful and festive atmosphere.
At present, Chang'an Street along 12 three-dimensional flower beds have been completed and unveiled, the city's 20 million pots of flowers beautiful capital, dressed to welcome the arrival of the National Day holiday.
In recent days, along the Changan Street 12 gorgeous, diverse three-dimensional flower bed landscape to attract a lot of people to see, and take photos.
From the beginning of "A Magnificent 70 Years" in the northwest corner of the Founding Gate to the end of "A Beautiful Tomorrow" in the northeast corner of the Fu Hing Gate, these flowerbeds bring together the brilliant achievements of New China in various fields over the past 70 years since its founding, and show the happiness of the people.
The person in charge of the Beijing Bureau of Landscape and Green, this year's greening environment layout to make full use of its own innovative achievements, integrated domestic and foreign new varieties, new technology.
There are more than 230 varieties in use, including 16 independently bred varieties, 18 green resistant new varieties, and 11 native plants.
Three varieties of chrysanthemum were used for the first time in China.
In order to celebrate the National Day, Beijing recently carried out a comprehensive improvement of the city's landscaping environment, planting more than 12,000 trees, 230,000 flowers and shrubs, and 2.3 million square meters of root flower.
Meanwhile, in some important areas, such as the city Ring Road, the extension of Chang'an Street, the site of Xiangshan Monument, the area around the new airport and other important tourist spots, we have set up 200 themed flower beds with 20, 000 pots of flowers in use, 10, 000 lots of floral-style flowers, 5, 000 combination containers and 15, 000 flower boxes, thus making a complete upgrade to the capital city's green landscape.
China releases "China and the United Nations" and reports on climate change, sustainable development and other issues - Xinhua News Agency
26 (Xinhua) -- Chinese delegation to the 74th session of the United Nations General Assembly on September 26, officially released four documents, including "China and the United Nations -- Paper on China's Position at the 74th Session of the United Nations General Assembly", "UN Climate Action Summit: China's Position and Action", "Report on China's Progress in Implementing the 2030 Agenda for Sustainable Development (2019)", and "Report on Big Data Supporting the Sustainable Development Goals".
China and the United Nations -- The Paper on China's Position at the 74th Session of the United Nations General Assembly summarizes the achievements and developments in the cooperation between China and the United Nations in various fields since the founding of New China 70 years ago, especially since the 18th National Congress of the Party.
Pointing out that the push to build a community of human destiny, as proposed by Chinese President Xi Jinping, has become the banner of the diplomacy of big countries with Chinese characteristics.
Guided by Xi ’ s diplomatic thinking, China has taken a more active and productive role in international affairs, making greater contributions to world peace and development and assuming more responsibilities.
China has always been a builder of world peace, a contributor to global development and a defender of the international order.
The document introduces China's important contributions to the three pillars of the UN, namely, peace, development and human rights.
To reaffirm China's firm support for and practice of multilateralism and the central role of the United Nations in international affairs; to point out that China's development resonates with the development of the world and that the two are mutually reinforcing; and to emphasize that in the face of the world's biggest changes in a century, a developing China will contribute more and more positive energy to the world.
"United Nations Climate Action Summit: China's Position and Action" closely follows the nine areas of action of the United Nations Climate Action Summit, presenting China's policies and propositions on international cooperation in addressing climate change and the achievements of China's efforts to address climate change.
As the world's largest developing country, China regards addressing climate change as an inherent requirement for its own sustainable development and a responsibility for building a community of human destiny. It will continue to overcome many difficult challenges to its own development, firmly uphold multilateralism, implement international commitments and make every effort to fully and effectively implement the Paris Agreement.
China's Progress Report on the Implementation of the 2030 Agenda for Sustainable Development (2019) is the second progress report published by China following the release of the implementation progress report in 2017.
The report provides a comprehensive overview of China's measures, progress, challenges and next steps in implementing the 2030 agenda, and demonstrates China's determination and achievements in implementing the new development concept and realizing high-quality development.
The report contains examples of precise poverty eradication, innovation-led development, eco-civilization building, rural revitalization, building “one belt, one road, ” which will provide useful lessons for other countries in implementing the 2030 agenda.
The Report on Earth Big Data in Support of Sustainable Development Goals showcased China's exploration and practice of using Earth Big Data to support the implementation of the 2030 agenda and policy decisions, revealing the applied value and prospects of relevant technologies and methods for monitoring and assessing the sustainable development goals, and providing the international community with a new perspective and new support to fill data and methodological gaps and accelerate the implementation of the 2030 Agenda.
The 20th Anniversary Series of the Alumni Association of the Macao Polytechnic Institute - The exhibition will open at the Gallery of Huaiyuan Building of the Macao Polytechnic Institute on September 29, 2019 at 6: 00 pm.
People from all walks of life are welcome.
After five years of effort, the company has won more than 200 awards internationally, with a worldwide design business spanning more than 10 countries and 25 cities.
creativity, ingenuity, ingenuity, ingenuity, ingenuity, ingenuity, ingenuity, ingenuity, ingenuity, ingenuity, ingenuity, ingenuity, ingenuity, ingenuity, ingenuity, ingenuity, ingenuity and creativity.
Besides sharing the experience of starting a business, there will also be an exchange on the design and development of Macau.
The exhibition runs from 29 September to 10 October 2019, and is open from 9: 00 a.m. to 11: 00 p.m., as usual on holidays.
For enquiries, please contact the Polytechnic Alumni Association at 85993119.
Lao collectives and individuals awarded national medals and insignia of Viet Nam
According to the decision of the President of Viet Nam, Nguyen Phu Trong, issued on 21 September, on the award of the Order of Independence, Viet Nam awarded the Order of Independence to 12 collectives and 13 individuals from the Lao National Assembly, the organs of the National Assembly, the National Assembly Secretariat, etc., for their active contribution to consolidating and strengthening the special relations of solidarity between the National Assembly and the organs of the National Assembly of the two countries.
The President of Viet Nam, Nguyen Phu Trong, also issued a decision on the award of the Order of Friendship and the Insignia of Friendship.
In accordance with that decision, the State of Viet Nam has decided to award 21 medals of friendship and 17 insignia of friendship to 4 collectives and 34 individuals of the Lao National Assembly, the organs of the National Assembly and the National Assembly Secretariat, in recognition of their active contribution to consolidating and strengthening the special relations of solidarity between the National Assembly and the organs of the National Assembly of the two countries.
Nguyen, in her speech at the award ceremony, stressed that the inextricable ties between the two peoples had emerged from a long historical process and that the good traditional friendship, consistency and selfless relations between the Vietnamese and Laotian peoples had been forged by the hands of President Ho Chi Minh and President Kai Sang Phungwehan, and carefully nurtured by the two parties, successive leaders of the two countries and their people, and had become a valuable treasure of the two countries.
Ms. Nguyen stressed that under the complex and changing world situation, the older the great friendship, special friendship and all-round cooperation have been continuously consolidated and developed, and are becoming deeper and more pragmatic.
Ms. Nguyen stressed that the award of party and state decorations and insignia to the Lao National Assembly collectives and former senior leadership cadres was a recognition of the great contributions made by the party, country and people to the work of the comrades, and expressed the hope that the comrades would continue their efforts to make more contributions to strengthening the great friendship, special solidarity and all-round cooperation among the older generations.
Ms. Nguyen stressed that the Party and State of Viet Nam will continue to maintain close cooperation with the Lao Party and State, inherit and bring into play the achievements of cooperation between the two sides, and actively consolidate and promote the great friendship, special solidarity and all-round cooperation between the two countries.
The Lao National Assembly collective and individual recipients of the Order of Independence, the Order of Friendship and the Insignia of Friendship have expressed their gratitude to the State of Viet Nam for the honour bestowed on them, affirming that it is not only their honour, but also the honour of the Lao National Assembly.
E-cigarettes have caused 805 deaths in the United States.
There have been 12 e-ciger-related deaths and 805 cases of lung damage related to e-cigarettes in the United States, the Central News Agency reported.
The US Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) reportedly notified the figures and said it had not yet identified the specific substances that cause the disease in question.
However, most patients reported the use of e-cigarette products containing tetrahydrocannabinol, the main psychoactive compound in cannabis.
The spike in lung cases is known to be linked to the purchase of contaminated electronic smoke atomizers on the black market.
According to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, the 12 deaths occurred in 10 states, from California to Florida, and 805 confirmed and suspected cases were reported in 46 states and the United States Virgin Islands.
India and Massachusetts have banned e-cigarette sales in the past three weeks, while New York and Michigan have banned flavored e-cigarettes.
The Trump administration intends to ban all flavored e-cigarette products other than tobacco tobacco from October, the report said.
When will the next bus come?
"Internet + Smart Station" keeps you in mind.
27, Nanjing Smart Traffic Joint Gaude map announced that the first "Internet + Smart Station" officially landed in Nanjing, Nanjing, Nanjing there will be 54 bus electronic screens will be lit up, this will upgrade the level of Nanjing information services, improve the efficiency of public transport services and happiness of the common people travel.
In the past, the anxious scenes of waiting for a bus were played out almost every day at bus stops.
It is difficult to know the operating times of buses, the road conditions and the location of vehicles, and the problem of the pain points of public transportation needs to be solved urgently, especially in some big cities, where the commute is long and the traffic conditions are complicated in the morning and evening rush hours.
Therefore, Nanjing intelligent transportation, together with Gaude map deep exploration of "Internet + transportation" convenience service new direction, launched the first batch of "Internet + Smart Station" this intelligent service project.
It is reported that the first "Internet + intelligent station sign" came down in Nanjing, blending Gaude's big data with Gaude's ETA algorithm, and relying on the bus electronic station signs and mobile Internet and traffic data to upgrade, to realize the capability of "bus intelligent station sign + e-map" at both ends of the bus routes, bus expected arrival times, and so on.
Through the "Internet + Smart Station Card", Nanjing residents can not only easily get the bus arrival time, understand the bus location in real time and a few more stops from the current station, but also understand the bus transit situation directly through the red, orange and green colors, so that all bus routes can be seen in real time.
Thanks to the technology of Internet + Smart Station, Nanjing citizens have realized a convenient and convenient and efficient means of public transportation, such as checking the bus location before leaving, knowing the station time when waiting for a bus, and knowing the time when arriving at the destination when taking a bus.
According to the "Internet + Smart Station" real-time bus information, choose the most suitable travel route, but also do good mental expectations, reduce the anxiety of the waiting car, thus making travel more convenient.
More than 30 fine cultural relics of the Summer Palace are on display for the first time.
Journalists learned from the Beijing Summer Palace Administration Office, the exhibition of 99 pieces of fine cultural relics, more than 30 of them are the first time the Summer Palace to show the public, showcasing the Summer Palace rich cultural collection and cultural connotations of the good life.
It is reported that the exhibition divided into Ruiyu Jijin, Fushu ultimatum, rare works of art art, color distillation, four exhibition areas, to the audience to display jade bronze, books, painting, miscellaneous, porcelain enamel of a number of artifacts, exhibits of the instrumental shape, patterns and decorations of the theme of "blessing life".
The Deputy Director of the Cultural Relics Department of the Summer Palace Administration, Li Jia, said that the exhibition of a large number of high-level cultural relics, a variety of types of cultural relics, and a large age span of the exhibits.
Nearly 30% of the exhibits are Grade I and Grade II cultural relics, which date from the Shang Dynasty to the Qing Dynasty.
The mountain and stone figures, the wooden clock of the Pavilion, and the Nanzhai brocade calligraphy, are also among the first fine cultural relics to be exhibited to the public.
Qin Lei, deputy director of the Summer Palace Administration Bureau in Beijing, said the cultural exhibition to uphold the spirit of the cultural relics to "live", relying on the idea of the garden in the Summer Palace "Fukuoshan Shouhai", the idea of garden, Yongshou "Fushou" the theme of the cultural relics as a carrier, so that visitors through the exhibition to learn about the living culture of the Summer Palace, promote and inherit the traditional Chinese culture, and convey the good wishes for a happy birthday.
The exhibition is expected to run until 30 January 2020.
Xinhua Review: Unswervingly take our own road
The fundamental reason for the success of China's development in the past 70 years lies in the fact that, under the leadership of the Communist Party of China (CPC), the Chinese people have found the correct road to development of socialism with Chinese characteristics and are firmly committed to this path of development.
It is the choice of history and the choice of the people for China to follow a path that suits its development.
In modern times, in the poor and weak, internal and external disaster environment, generations of benevolent people to search for the way to save the country and save the people in the search for the future.
However, "the constitutional monarchy, the restoration of the monarchy, the parliamentary system, the multiparty system, the presidential system have all thought about it, tried it, and it has not worked."
It was only with the Communist Party of China and New China that the Chinese people gradually blazed a path of socialism with Chinese characteristics in practice.
The road taken by China is a road of happiness for the Chinese people, a road of rejuvenation for the Chinese nation, and a road of common development between China and the rest of the world.
It is because China is on the right path that it is able to do its job well, become the world's second largest economy, contribute most to global economic growth, and benefit the world with its own development.
As the white paper points out, this road of China's development is in line with China's national conditions and meeting the requirements of the times, and will show more and more bright prospects as the times advance.
Looking back, the Chinese people realize how difficult it is to find the right road; looking around the world, the Chinese people cherish this right road even more.
Chinese people understand the truth of southern orange northern briers, understand that what suits others is not necessarily for themselves, only for themselves is the best.
It is with this kind of road confidence and strategic determination that China has created the miracle that attracts worldwide attention.
In the twists and turns of mankind's advance, "the conclusion of history" has been famous.
Today, the success of the path of socialism with Chinese characteristics heralds the end of the "conclusion of history," the collapse of the "collapse of China theory" and the failure of the "socialist failure theory."
China's success has boosted the confidence of developing countries in the wealth and strength of their people, expanded the ways for developing countries to modernize, and provided lessons for those countries and nations in the world that wish to accelerate their development and maintain their independence to follow a path suited to their national conditions.
The world is colorful.
China has always respected the right of each country to choose the path of development that suits its own conditions.
Rather than "importing" the foreign model or "exporting" the China model, China will unswervingly follow its own path, realize its own constant development, strengthen governance exchanges with other countries, and make its due contribution to the common realization of good governance and good governance.
A Foodworks supermarket boss who sacked a 66-year-old female worker via text message because he preferred to hire staff from an Asian background has been slammed as "disgraceful" by the Fair Work Commission.
The council said the woman's owner Eddie Wang, who has worked at the Wagga Wagga store for more than 20 years, treated staff was "grossly unfair" and may have breached anti-discrimination laws.
Ms Ayton told the committee that Mr Wang, who took over the store in 2016, had been "trying to fire me" because she was not Chinese.
In the case, the commission's vice-chairman, Peter Sams, conducted an internet search and found "a number of job advertisements that Mr Wang has posted in the past on various Australian Chinese employment forums."
Among the job requirements listed in the posts, one said "preferred Asian woman" and the other said "preferred Asian employee."
A third post said he was "more inclined to overseas people (sic)."
Mr Wang sacked Ms Ayton in April this year via text message, later claiming it was due to her absence from work and a small amount of cash allegedly missing from the cash register, which ranged from $5.10 to $30.
But Mr Sams said Mr Wang's reasons for dismissing Ms Ayton were weak and lacked evidence.
She had been absent from only one shift, with the "missing" totalling a few dollars.
He said Ms Ayton's dismissal "actually had nothing to do with her behaviour or performance."
"It seems to me that the real motive for the defence to fire her, supported by the evidence of the job advertisement released by Mr. Wang, was that he preferred to hire people with an Asian background," he said.
Under section 772 (f) of the Fair Work Act, Mr Wang's conduct ostensibly constitutes a breach of anti-discrimination law and / or dismissal of an applicant is unlawful, "the statement said.
Mr Sams said it would be inappropriate for him to consider reinstating her post, in view of Mr Wang's "appalling" treatment of Ms Ayton.
He should consider paying compensation to Ms Ayton, who is a casual labourer on an hourly salary of A $26.
In light of possible violations of anti-discrimination and industrial relations legislation, Mr Sams said he would refer his own findings and documents to the commission head to consider whether Mr Wang's conduct should be referred to other agencies to investigate possible breaches of state or federal law.
He said Mr Wang had not given Ms Ayton any chance to respond to the reasons for allegedly sacking her.
"I believe that the respondent engaged in an irredeemably unfair and biased process to dismiss the applicant, and Mr. Wang is" waiting "for this opportunity, which he believes will 'justify' the termination of the applicant's employment," he said.
"He was wrong... in dismissing the applicant in complete disregard of any natural justice accorded her, and it is appalling that he was perfunctory in such a manner as to be disrespectful and grossly unfair," he said.
Mr Sams said that while Foodworks was a small business, "it is important to state frankly that no decent employer would dismiss an employee in a way that was recognised in this case as extremely unfair and perfunctory."
"It is shameful and it is extremely unfair," he said.
175-day passenger train to meet National Day Golden Week
In order to meet the passenger demand of the National Day Golden Week, the Guangzhou Railway Group will continue to increase the number of popular direction trains, during the holiday period, the total number of passenger trains will increase to 175, an overall increase in the peak passenger capacity during the National Day Golden Week.
Guangzhou Railway Group will take a number of initiatives to do a good job of passenger service during the peak period.
Nineteen additional real-name verification devices were added to Guangzhou South stations to ease the flow of passengers into the stations, for a total of 71.
To reduce traffic congestion and traffic congestion on the south side of the station, three new car parks will be opened, creating 1,000 additional parking spaces to ease traffic congestion around the station.
Shenzhen North Station will open the "High-speed Rail - Metro" green passageway free of inspection.
From 6 to 7 October, the rush hour passengers will be able to travel to and from the A2 terminus of Shenzhen North Railway Station, which will be equipped with no-check lanes to facilitate the travel of passengers during the peak hours.
In addition, East-West plaza will be equipped with the U-color Love Express Access, for passengers who arrive at the station only 15 minutes before the start of their journey, as well as for special focus passengers, who will be able to reach the station.
On the eve of the National Day Golden Week, the GuangKowloon passenger section conducts all-staff business training on the eve of the National Day to ensure that all flight attendants learn to master business knowledge, enhance service quality, and ensure that train attendants, with a good spiritual outlook and more professional standards of business quality, perform well on every trip and provide better service to passengers.
6 persons denied being involved in the fake flakka raw paper paper case referred to the High Court
The six men suspected of forging and selling our passports, birth papers and identity cards, including an assistant director of the country names registration office and a governor-level trader, appeared in court on Thursday, and a judge of the district court approved the anti-trafficking and anti-migrant-trafficking charges, which were referred to the High Court.
One of the defendants, Li Zhenhua, a lawyer representing the Chinese defendants in the case and a member of the Legislative Assembly of Sunset Dong District, applied to the judge to withdraw from the case, thus ceasing to be the defendant's lawyer.
He stated that he had drawn criticism from political opponents for acting on behalf of the accused and that his own DAP party had been implicated.
He stressed that he was not afraid of any threat, but did not want to be used by irresponsible units to smear the PAP and the Greek League government or other Greek League leaders, so the decision was taken only after careful consideration.
He also said that there was no conflict of interest between representing the defendants and being a member of the Parliament, and that he was not legally barred from representing any of the defendants, and that the defendant, Mr Lai Chun-wah, had not yet been convicted.
The six defendants went to court on 12 September this year. They were all charged under article 26E of the Anti-Trafficking in Persons and Anti-Trafficking Act) and article 466 of the Criminal Code (forgery of documents).
Following the prosecution and defence submissions, the two judges on Thursday, and Mazlan granted a prosecution motion to transfer to the High Court the anti-trafficking and anti-trafficking immigration charges against the six defendants, while a charge of forgery of documents will appear at the front of the court on October 3 to await the transfer of documents from the prosecution to the defence.
The six defendants had earlier been arrested under the National Security Offences (Special Measures) Order 2012 (SOSMA) and were therefore not released on bail.
Walking with the Motherland: Sketching of a certain side of the Armed Police Force
Jinqiu, on the parade training ground, the average height of 1.83 meters officers and men formed a certain team of the Armed Police Force, training is busy.
The shining bayonets, the unique olive green and the bright red epaulettes make up a beautiful landscape.
A few days ago, the reporter walked into this square team, feeling the determination of the armed police officers and men to be loyal guards of the party and the people and their "honor first" feelings and pursuit.
....................................................................................................................... "
In the team, this song is the motto of every team member.
Qi Xiaoguang, who is 1.92 meters tall, stands out in the square team.
As the flag bearer of the National Flag Guard, he had a deeper understanding of honor.
A soldier's honor comes from hard training.
As the standard bearer Qi Xiaoguang, training has always been a high standard of strict requirements.
He tied a sandbag to shape, stuck a stopwatch to practice the pace, blindfolded to practice the pace, the wind in the air.
In his "hood career," there is a picture that is always unforgettable.
A flag-raising ceremony, the rain down, and the visitors to watch the flag-raising ceremony, but no one left.
The moment the flag was hoisted, Qi Xiaoguang felt deeply the glory represented by the five-star red flag on his shoulders.
In 2019, he was selected as a member of the National Guard.
The standard of action of the base soldier and the flag bearer is different.
Qi Xiaoguang introduced, the bearer of the flag and the base soldier's progress, although only more than 20 steps of the difference, but more training efforts.
The base soldier is the first in the first row of face, directly determines the level of square team.
After the parade concentrated on training, he repeatedly kick every day, a kick hard work.
In the demonstration, his precise pace and pace won applause from the officers and soldiers.
In the square team, almost every officer and every officer has the same experience as Qi Xiaoguang.
The father of warrior Zhu Xudong took part in the 50th anniversary parade 20 years ago.
To follow in his father's footsteps and become a member of the Fang team, he repeatedly suffered setbacks, but never discouraged.
"To be able to walk through Tian'anmen Square like my father and receive a parade of the Party and the people is the glory of my life," he said.
Walking into the honor room of the Fang team, "the capital is stable elite division" 8 big characters came into sight.
They are all members of the Beijing Armed Police Force, a force with a glorious tradition, which has undertaken important tasks, such as the founding, the National Day celebrations, National Day celebrations, the security of successive Party National Congresses and the fight against terrorism in the capital, and which has produced a large number of British models, such as the "National Flag Guard" and the "Heroes of the National Guard" squadron.
Han Zheng attended and delivered a speech at a reception to celebrate the 70th anniversary of the founding of the People's Republic of China
The reception was held in the Great Hall of the People, attended by Han Zheng, Vice Premier of the State Council and a member of the Standing Committee of the Political Bureau of the Central Committee of the Communist Party of China.
On behalf of the Chinese government and, on behalf of President Xi Jinping, to express sincere thanks and greetings to all foreign experts and international friends who care about, support and participate in China's reform, opening-up and modernization drive.
He said that since the founding of New China, especially in the more than 40 years since reform and opening up, the Communist Party of China (CPC) has united and led the Chinese people of all ethnic groups of all ethnic groups in working hard and successfully down a road of socialism with Chinese characteristics, and ushered in a great leap from standing up and becoming rich to becoming strong.
Since the 18th CPC National Congress, the Party Central Committee, with Comrade Xi Jinping at its core, has advanced the layout of "the Fifth One" in an overall way, advanced the "four comprehensive" strategic layout in a coordinated way, advanced the cause of the Party and State to make historic achievements and make historic changes, ushering in a new era of socialism with Chinese characteristics.
The achievements of New China over the past 70 years are the result of the unremitting struggle of the Chinese people of all ethnic groups and the hard work of foreign experts.
Over the past 70 years, a large number of foreign experts have come to China to join the Chinese people in the cause of modernization, making an indelible contribution that will never be forgotten by the Chinese people.
He noted that China's development stands at a new historical starting point, and that the Chinese people are working tirelessly for the Chinese dream of building a well-off society in an all-round way, winning the great victory of socialism with Chinese characteristics in the new era and realizing the great rejuvenation of the Chinese nation.
China will insist that "development is the first priority, talent is the first resource and innovation is the first driving force," and vigorously implement the innovation-driven development strategy to promote high-quality economic development.
People are the most innovative factor, and China will speed up the training of a large number of internationally qualified strategic scientific and technological talents, scientific and technological leaders, young scientific and technological talents, and high-level innovation teams.
He said China's cause is a cause that has the support of the people of the world, an undertaking that is open to learning from the world, and a cause of cooperation with other countries in the world.
With a more open and inclusive attitude, China will be open-minded to learn from the people of the rest of the world and firmly implement a more active, open and effective policy of bringing in talents.
We sincerely welcome more and more foreign experts to come to China to innovate and start their own businesses, and welcome John Jie, a talented person from around the world, to participate in China's modernization drive and make greater contributions to the building of a community of destiny of mankind, to world peace and development, and to the cause of human progress.
Liu He, Yang Jiechi, Chen Xi, Zhang Chunxian, Xiao Jie and Wan Gang attended the reception.
The reception was hosted by Wang Zhigang, Minister of Science and Technology.
The reception was attended by some 1,800 senior foreign experts who have long been working in China, representatives and spouses of foreign experts working in China, and responsible comrades from the central and state departments concerned, as well as from the city of Beijing.
The deepest shaft of China's railway is dug to the end.
According to the China Railway Tunnel Authority Group Co. Limited, China's first long tunnel - the Rui (Li) railway Gaoligongshan tunnel No. 1 shaft shaft was successfully dug to the end, the depth of 762.59 meters broke the record of the deepest shaft of the domestic railway.
In the tunnel construction, the shaft can improve the ventilation of the tunnel, improve the efficiency of ballast discharge, and ensure the safety of construction, etc.
"The successful excavation of the main shaft of the Gaoligongshan Tunnel No. 1 will help to propel the construction of the underground vehicle yard, opening a number of working surfaces for the late construction of the tunnel, and accelerating the construction progress of the entire Gaoligongshan tunnel," said Song Tao, chief engineer of the shaft work area of the Da Rui Department of the China Railway Tunnel Bureau.
According to Song Tao, the construction of shaft No. 1 of Gaoligongshan Tunnel adopts the method of drilling, equipped with large specialized machines such as the drilling derrick, the frame, the drilling stabiliser, the drilling winch, the whole moving metal template, the FJD-6A umbrella drill, the central rotating grab machine, and so on. This has resulted in the mechanization of the four series, including the mechanized excavation system, the ballast system, the suspension system, the winch lift system and so on.
It is understood that the railway from Dali to the east, the west to Ruili, the length of about 331 km, the design speed of 140 km / h, is an important part of the China-Myanmar international railway corridor.
The total length of the tunnel is 34.538 km, which is the longest tunnel in China.
TV series "Fox Hunting" on the scene to recreate a first line of investigative dry police demeanor.
"Fox Hunt" was filmed at Tianjin airport, where actors such as Wang Kai and Wang Yu were filmed escorting the fugitive economic criminals back to China, and other important scenes were filmed with the support of China Southern Airlines.
The show's crew filmed key scenes at the airport that best show the results of "Operation Fox Hunt", in which members of the team hunt fugitives returning to the country, board planes, sign arrest warrants, and so on.
The film crew shot the apron, customs border control and aircraft cabin, cabin door, and so on, to recreate the first line of China's criminal investigation agents and fox-hunting heroes on a multinational flight, hunting for fugitive criminals of the arduous process and professional style.
To complete the shoot, the creators did much of the preparation, confirming each execution detail to ensure the truest and most compelling visuals.
It was also reported that the show would be filmed in many locations abroad.
Vietnam needs to seize the opportunity for AI development.
The four criteria used to assess and rank cities ’ readiness to face an AI wave include outlook, capacity to achieve, asset base, and development direction.
Singapore City ranked first, followed by cities in countries including the UK, the US, France, Sweden, the Netherlands, Germany and Australia.
In response to an interview with Moxin Wyman, an expert, Oliver Wyman, said, "I think it makes a lot of sense to look back and assess cities like Hanoi and Ho Chi Minh City in Vietnam.
On the whole, I think Vietnam's future is bright against the backdrop of a high growth rate, a strong economic development path and a rapidly growing human resource base.
I think Vietnam is on the right path and doing well.
It is important for Vietnam to know how to take advantage of the opportunities presented by the Fourth Industrial Revolution to further its economic development.
Artificial intelligence is completely transforming the way people work, communicate and live.
It brings greater efficiency, but it also threatens to exacerbate social, economic and technological inequalities.
However, according to a global study by Oliver Wyman, only any city in the world today is prepared for a breakthrough in the age of artificial intelligence.
Guterres said he was pleased to join the celebration of the 70th anniversary of the founding of China and congratulated the Chinese government and people on their impressive achievements over the past 70 years.
"Every time I visit China, I am struck by how quickly it is changing and improving," Guterres said.
You have created one of the most dynamic economies in the world and helped lift more than 850 million people out of poverty – the greatest achievement in poverty reduction in history. ”
He stated that, in realizing the vision of the Millennium Development Goals, China had witnessed transformative results: infant and maternal mortality rates had declined, nutrition had improved, stunted populations had declined, and the number of people without access to safe drinking water and sanitation had been reduced by half.
Meanwhile, China has one of the best education systems in the world, attracting international students from all over the world
A photo exhibition celebrating the 70th anniversary of the founding of the People's Republic of China opens today at United Nations Headquarters in New York.
This year also marks the 40th anniversary of the United Nations presence in China, Guterres said.
Over the past 40 years, China had been a key player in the work of the United Nations and had become a pillar of international cooperation and multilateralism.
After promoting the implementation of the MDGs, China is actively implementing the 2030 Agenda for Sustainable Development.
As the second largest contributor to the regular and peacekeeping budgets of the United Nations, China has been a steady partner in ensuring the stability of United Nations activities.
China has sent troops to eight peacekeeping missions, including more than a thousand Blue Helmets soldiers on missions in South Sudan.
Guterres said that "as the UN approaches its 75th anniversary, we need to re-establish a global partnership to support multilateral solutions to the global crisis."
I look forward to China's continued commitment and engagement to build a better world for all.
Chinese State Councilor and Foreign Minister Wang Yi said the Chinese people have worked hard to create opportunities for development unprecedented in 70 years.
For 70 years, the Chinese people have walked with the rest of the world.
China's achievements are not only China's achievements, but also the achievements of the world and mankind.
This photo exhibition tells the story of the Chinese people's struggle, their outstanding achievements and their contributions to the world.
UN News Photo / Zhang Li
State Councilor and Foreign Minister Wang Yi is reading the report on sustainable development at the United Nations.
There are stories of ethnic unity, and China's policy of regional autonomy for ethnic minorities has made great achievements, whether in Xinjiang, north and south of Tianshan, or in Tibet, on the snow-capped plateau.
Rapid economic development, social peace and stability, the people live and work in peace.
Wang said the photo exhibition also tells the story of the Chinese people building an ecological civilization, with stories of peaceful development, developing the "One Belt, One Road" initiative, and nurturing a community of destiny.
As Chinese President Xi Jinping has said, the green mountain is the Jinshan Shan Yinshan.
Through continuous efforts, China has embarked on the road of green development.
China pursues a peaceful foreign policy, actively establishes diplomatic relations with other countries in the world, and plays a role in resolving hotspot issues, becoming the backbone of world peace.
In the face of the world situation not seen in a hundred years, China has been active in maintaining the international system with the United Nations at its core.
After 70 years, China is in the prime of its youth. No matter how the international situation changes, we will stick to our first heart.
Wang Yi meets with Malawi's Foreign Minister Kassala
26 (Xinhua) -- State Councilor and Foreign Minister Wang Yi met with Malawi's Foreign Minister Mari Kassera on the sidelines of the United Nations General Assembly in New York.
Wang said China-Malaysia relations have developed healthily and steadily over the past 12 years since the establishment of diplomatic relations, and exchanges and cooperation in various fields have advanced steadily.
Last year, President Xi Jinping invited President Mutharika to China to attend the Beijing Summit of the Forum on China-Africa Cooperation, where the two heads of state held a fruitful meeting to lead China-Malaysia relations to a new stage.
China is ready to work with Malaysia to continue to implement the important consensus of the two heads of state and the outcomes of the Beijing Summit of the Forum on China-Africa Cooperation and push for further development of the pragmatic cooperation between the two countries.
China is ready to strengthen communication and cooperation with Malaysia in international affairs to safeguard the common interests of both sides and the overall interest of China-Africa relations.
Kassera said China is a true friend of Malawi and African countries, and that China's development has benefited the people of Malawi.
Malaysia adhered to the one-China policy and thanked the Chinese side for its support and assistance to Malawi.
Malaysia looks forward to the further development of bilateral relations and welcomes more Chinese enterprises to invest in Malaysia.
About 800 million trips on National Day reflect the growth in China's tourism supply and demand
About 800 million people will travel on the upcoming "Eleven" Golden Week!
The large data of several tourism platforms show that China's tourism consumer market is flourishing in both supply and demand.
According to the National Day tourism statistics, nearly 800 million people are expected to visit China during the national holidays, and more than 7.5 million people will travel abroad.
Currently, tourists from more than 500 cities use the platform to book with tourists, free travel, customized tourism, local entertainment and other products, involving 100 countries and regions.
According to the China Tourism Research Institute, the country received 726 million domestic visitors during last year's National Day holiday, an increase of 9.43 percent year on year.
This year's National Day holiday not only the number of tourists will hit a new high, but also the consumption upgrade will become the "main theme" of the National Day holiday.
Ctrip reported that the average cost of an interprovincial trip during the National Day holiday was over $3,000, an increase compared to the same period of last year. This was due to the fact that visitors generally opted for products with better experience, such as high-grade branded hotels, no-shopping tours, fine tours, special car tours, etc.
A similar trend is evident in bookings on Mother Donkey tours, which are more popular with comfortable models and private groups of fewer than ten for the entire length of the country's long lines.
Spring and autumn tourism data show that its consumers prefer to re-experience, heavy service, heavy differentiation of "quiet and slow."
Fly pig data show that China's four-line and China's tourist booking cities under the fastest growth, year-on-year growth rate of 30%, refraction of more local residential consumption upgrade.
Personality is a big feature of this year's "Eleven" Golden Week tour.
Ctrip data show that car rental orders for the National Day holiday are projected to increase by nearly 60% year on year, and exploring small nearby routes for short-haul trips continue to grow in popularity; the number of private group registrations is up by 155% year on year.
Sharing joy has become the main purpose of people's travel and leisure.
According to Ctrip, 28 per cent of the National Day holiday visitors were parents, 25 per cent were couples and 23 per cent were co-workers.
From the age of visitors, "after 80" and "after 90" account for more than 50% of the total number of visitors.
Worthy of concern, unlike the previous Golden Week outbound travel more rapid growth, this year's domestic tourism market performance more "eye-catching."
According to Flying Pig data, the number of people booking domestic cultural tours for this year's National Day holiday has increased by 42% year on year, outpacing outbound travel.
The industry analysis, in the strong demand, all over the country to promote tourism supply-side reform, to provide tourists with a richer "cultural tourism feast".
For example, the Sports and Tourism Boutique Route for Golden Week 2019 has been jointly launched by the General Administration of Sports and the Ministry of Culture and Tourism, seven sections of 100 cultural and tourism activities are being introduced at the 2019 Shanghai Tourism Festival, and ticket prices or free measures have been introduced in Henan, Zhejiang, Hunan, Shandong and other provinces close to the Golden Week.
Chongqing, Wuhan, Hangzhou, Xi'an, Chengdu, Guangzhou, Beijing, Shanghai, Nanjing and Tianjin will be the most popular domestic destinations, according to Ctrip's booking data.
China's first live-streaming movie, "This Time -- Celebrating the New China's 70th Birthday," will be broadcast simultaneously on October 1 in 70 theaters in more than 10 provinces.
China Central Radio and Television will make a live broadcast of the celebration of New China's 70th anniversary congress, the military parade and the mass parade on a big screen using a 4K ultra-high definition signal.
The head of central radio and television introduced in Beijing, the national day, the national day, the station will set up hundreds of spaces, the high point of the celebration areas along Chang'an Street and set up more than 200 of the equipment, making use of the lens language and simultaneous sound to achieve full flow, all elements 4K ultra-high clearance and 5.1 surround sound broadcast for the first time.
China is on track to become Australia's biggest beef export market.
A Rabobank animal protein analyst says China faces a severe shortage of pork following an outbreak of African pig fever and is on track to become Australia's largest beef export market.
Chinese consumers are switching from eating pork to other animal protein in the wake of an outbreak that has led authorities to destroy many herds, halved the number of live pigs in China and nearly doubled the price of pork in the past year.
China produces and consumes two-thirds of the world's pork.
Chenjun Pan, senior animal protein analyst at the Dutch Co-operative Bank in China, said demand for other meats, including beef, had increased with China, the world's largest importer of animal protein, now accounting for 27 per cent of the world's pork imports and 24 per cent of the world's beef imports.
China's beef imports from Australia increased by 65% in the first half of this year, surpassing the United States and Japan to become Australia's largest beef export market, Ms. Pan said.
Yesterday, the government said it would release more pork from its emergency stockpile before celebrating the 70th anniversary of the Chinese Communist Party's rule.
White Paper: China always places its own development in the coordinate system of human development
The white paper says that China has always placed its own development in the coordinate system of human development and has always closely linked its own destiny with the destiny of people from all over the world.
China promotes world peace and development through its own development, the white paper said.
As the largest developing country in the world, China will unswervingly follow its own path and concentrate on its own affairs so as to make the country more prosperous and its people happier and inject stability and certainty into a complex and changing world, which is in itself the greatest contribution to world peace and development.
China in the new era will continue to follow the path of socialism with Chinese characteristics under the guidance of Xi Jinping's ideology of socialism with Chinese characteristics in the new era.
China has always regarded economic construction as the central role in rejuvenating the country.We will unswervingly take the road of high-quality development, implement the new development concept of innovation, coordination, green, open and shared, accelerate the building of a modern economic system, and better meet the people's ever-increasing needs for a better life.
To let the common people live a good life is always the biggest goal of China's development.
The Chinese army has always been a staunch defender of world peace.
The white paper says China is committed to win-win cooperation and common development.
"The Chinese people hope for a better life not only for themselves, but also for people from other countries," he said.
China adheres to the development of innovation, growth linkage and convergence of interests, promotes the joint building of the "One Belt, One Road" for high-quality development, and contributes to global poverty reduction and development.
The white paper says China is firmly committed to upholding and promoting economic globalization.
China is an active participant and a staunch supporter of economic globalization.
China is ready to join the international community in taking the initiative and strengthening the guidance so as to make the process of economic globalization more dynamic, more inclusive and more sustainable.
China will pursue a more proactive strategy of opening up, make the pattern of opening to the outside world more comprehensive, in-depth and diversified, realize a wider, mutually beneficial and win-win situation, and take concrete actions to maintain and promote economic globalization.
China is firmly opposed to unilateralism and protectionism, will open wider and wider to the outside world, speed up regional economic integration and continue to promote the internationalization of the renminbi.
China firmly supports multilateralism and upholds international fairness and justice, the white paper said.
China will, as always, firmly safeguard the international system with the United Nations at its core and the international order with the purposes and principles of the United Nations Charter at its core, join other countries in adhering to multilateralism and opposing unilateralism.
Safeguarding equity and justice is China's basic principle in handling international issues.
China respects the development path and social system chosen by the people of all countries on their own, respects the sovereignty and territorial integrity of all countries, and opposes any outside interference in the internal affairs of other countries.
China will never impose its will on others, nor will it allow anyone to impose their will on the Chinese people.
The white paper says China is actively involved in leading the reform and construction of the global governance system.
As a large and responsible country, China has always adhered to the balance of rights and obligations, meeting not only the world's requirements for its development, but also the international community's expectations of China and its active participation in the reform and construction of the global governance system.
China actively supports the reform of the United Nations so that it can better adapt itself to the new requirements of global governance in terms of its ideology, organization and mode of operation, better fulfill its responsibilities under the Charter of the United Nations, and play a greater role in safeguarding world peace and promoting common development.
China actively promotes the innovative development of the concept of global governance, takes stock of the successful practices and experiences of national governance in a timely manner, actively explores the positive ways of Chinese culture and the chiming of the concept of governance with the current era, and strives to contribute China's wisdom, China's program and China's strength to the improvement of global governance.
Wang Yi: To help Africa achieve peace and security, China has never been absent.
On September 26 local time, State Councilor and Foreign Minister Wang Yi attended the open meeting of the Security Council "Peace and Security in Africa" at the United Nations headquarters in New York.
In his speech, Wang Yi said China and Africa are good friends, good brothers and good partners.
To help Africa maintain peace and security, China has never been absent.
At this very moment, more than 2,000 Chinese peacekeepers are guarding peace in five United Nations mission areas in Africa.
The Chinese Navy has been escorting more than 6,700 ships in the Gulf of Aden and Somali waters for more than 10 years.
Wang Yi said that we support Africa's capacity to enhance peace and security.
The China-United Nations Peace and Development Fund, announced by President Xi Jinping in September 2015, has focused on supporting African peacekeeping, counter-terrorism and achieving sustainable development, and has so far carried out 34 non-related projects, becoming a new platform for trilateral cooperation between China, Africa and the United Nations.
On the road of peaceful development in Africa, China will continue to stand firm with Africa and join hands with them.
World's oldest hairdresser dies at 108 after 96 years of haircuts
Anthony Mancinelli, 108, never retired from getting a daily haircut, but died of complications from cancer of the jaw on the 19th, leaving from a 96-year life of haircuts.
Mancinelli emigrated to the United States at the age of eight, helped clean the floor in a hairdresser's shop, and at the age of 12 began to relieve financial pressure on his family by picking up scissors and serving guests, CNN reported.
Mancinelli attended primary school but did not graduate.
Although the father was always healthy, he was diagnosed with cancer in February, six weeks before his death, and was unable to work because of health problems, but it was not retirement because he planned to come back and cut his hair when he was well.
Robert, 82, says he now has to find a new hairdresser after his father's death because he has had his father cut his hair all his life.
The buyback volume of listed companies reached a record high of more than $100 billion during the year.
In order to stabilize the company's share price and maintain the company's image, listed companies have begun to buy back shares frequently over the past two years, hoping to relay the information that the company is undervalued to the market through targeted buybacks, collective price trading, etc., thereby stabilizing the stock price and enhancing investor confidence.
Since 2019, buybacks implemented by the company listed in A shares has exceeded RMB 100 billion, which is the highest amount of money that has ever been repurchased in A shares, and much higher than in previous years.
From the point of view of the repurchase, the company repurchase shares and the majority shareholder, but there are great differences in the implementation of the main body, the source of funds, the use of repurchase, the equity of the stock itself, and so on.
In an interview with Securities Daily, Xu Yang, chairman of Maikorong Information Consulting LLC in Shanghai, said that the "Opinions on Support for the Repurchase of Shares by Listed Companies", which was launched in November 2018, had remedied the problems of the existing system, such as the narrow scope of share repurchase, complicated decision-making procedures and poor inventory system.
In January this year, the Shanghai and Shenzhen Stock Exchanges formally issued the Rules for the Implementation of the Repurchase of Shares by Listed Companies, which broaden the sources of funding for the buyback of listed companies, properly simplify the implementation procedures, guide the improvement of governance arrangements, and encourage various listed companies to implement equity incentives or employee shareholding plans.
After the opinion comes out, the listed company carries out the operation of share repurchase, has more applicable circumstance, the repurchase process is more simple, share repurchase is more motivated.
Buying back shares in a relatively low position also helps listed companies to use their capital more efficiently, thereby increasing earnings per share, raising the return on net assets and easing pressure on corporate profitability metrics.
Compared with the increase of large shareholders, the buyback of shares of listed companies is more significant, which also reflects the active market value management of listed companies and abundant cash flow.
Xu Yang believes that the undervaluation of stock prices is a major factor in the buyback of listed companies, whose stock prices no longer reflect the future prospects of the company.
Listed companies with large-scale repurchase behavior at least demonstrate the company's development confidence and capital strength.
The buy-back of A-share listed companies has become more and more normal, with data showing that nearly a thousand listed companies have implemented share buybacks this year, and that the leading companies in the various sectors have become the mainstay of the repo market.
China Ping An recently disclosed the progress of the buyback, saying that the company had purchased 5.759 million shares of A shares, or 0.315% of the company's total equity, through a centralized bidding transaction, and had paid out a total of 5 billion yuan (excluding transaction fees).
Yili has paid 57.92 billion yuan for the share repurchase, and recently adjusted the purpose of the share repurchase, changing the original plan from "the repurchase will be used exclusively as a source of stock for later implementation of equity incentives" to "the cumulative repurchase of 183 million shares, of which 152 million shares will be used as a source of equity incentives, and the remaining 30.49 million shares will be used for cancellation to reduce the registered capital".
Yili shares said that some of the repurchased shares will be written off, in order to further raise the level of earnings per share, the company's shareholders to effectively enhance the return on investment.
According to TCL's progress announcement on September 25, TCL will repurchase 3.59% of the company's shares at a total cost of 1.65 billion yuan.
The shares will be used for employee stock ownership plans, stock ownership incentives, or for conversion to company-issued corporate bonds that are convertible into shares, TCL's board office told the Securities Journal newspaper.
TCL Group adheres to the established business strategy, continuously improving competitiveness and sustaining healthy development.
Based on confidence in the future development of the company and protection of investors' interests, combining with the performance of the secondary market for nearly a year, and taking into account such factors as the company's operating and financial situation, the company plans to repurchase the company's shares using its own capital, self-financing and other financing methods.
Yang Delong, chief economist at the former Hai Open Source Fund, said the buyback of shares by listed companies, which reduces the number of shares in circulation and increases the earnings per share of listed companies, is an important positive for secondary market share prices, and the willingness of listed companies to pay genuine gold and silver to buy back shares from the stock market, which greatly boosts market confidence.
The buyback of domestic listed companies has gradually increased in recent years, particularly of blue chip stocks, and boosting investor confidence through share buybacks is a very good way to do that, and one that deserves recognition and encouragement.
Hu Henghua, Standing Committee Member of the Hunan Provincial Committee and Secretary of the Communist Party of Changsha, and the four main leaders of Xiang, Zhan Zunxin, Liang Xiangnan, He Qinghua and Liu Fei Xiang, set a "small goal" around "Changsha from construction machinery to intelligent manufacturing", and after three to five years building a world-leading industrial cluster of engineering machinery.
In Changsha to build the world's leading level of construction machinery industry cluster, in the words of the now fashionable, is to create "the strongest surface."
As an inland capital city, Changsha calls out this rhetoric, where is to come?
It is based on the strength of bullying side leakage.
They cover the sky, the earth, the sea, the mountains and rivers, the intelligent light airplanes, the concrete pumps, the all-ground cranes, as well as the tunnel shield, and they are some of the best in the world.
Once upon a time, China had little say in the field of engineering machinery manufacturing.
The time is easy, Chinese enterprises "bring in" "go out" two-wheel drive, take the "one belt, one road" initiative east wind, acquisition, merger, plant, such as a number of measures, to become leaders of the global engineering machinery industry.
Among them, the leading construction machinery enterprises, such as the Trinity Heavy Industries, the Central Union Heavy section, iron construction and mountain river intelligence, are already well ahead of similar enterprises in terms of their output value, market share and sales, among other major economic indicators.
It is the power of the moment that moves by the camera.
Construction machinery "four Jingang", Changsha construction machinery industry cluster is the best, but also the head of the global construction machinery industry enterprises.
In the rivers and lakes of the global industry, who lives well and who lives well is the hard place to talk.
In the early years, the global engineering machinery industry suffered a cold winter, a number of internationally renowned engineering machinery manufacturers have fallen down, but Changsha's engineering machinery manufacturers as "winter swimming", self-pressure, self-breakthrough, through the industrial structure transition from manufacturing to intellectual-building, not only through the past, but also more robust body.
It is the power of government and enterprise that is held up by the stars.
The development of superior industry needs not only the enterprise to be enterprising, but also the government to be active.
Changsha has the reputation of being the "capital of construction machinery" because it brings together the whole industrial chain from upstream to downstream, creating many related industrial clusters, and by optimizing the business environment, improving supporting services and simplifying approval process, the research and development, manufacturing and sales costs of enterprises are greatly reduced.
Good business ecology, let the engineering machinery manufacturing enterprise to come.
History has pushed Changsha to the front of the world's leading level of construction machinery, and the time has come, when benevolent.
Government, enterprises, and even the industry, research and business associated with it, should seize opportunities, keep up with the momentum, set goals and make a sustained effort to make a lasting contribution to the building of a strong nation.
Wang Yi presides over the Ministers for Foreign Affairs of China and the African member states of the UN Security Council.
China and African countries are good brothers and good partners, Wang said.
China stands firmly with its African brothers in the past, the present and the future.
Our initiative to hold such a meeting is a concrete measure to implement the important consensus reached by President Xi Jinping and the leaders of African countries at the Beijing Summit of the Forum on China-Africa Cooperation last September, to strengthen the solidarity and cooperation between China and African countries in the Security Council, and to push the international community to better support Africa in achieving peace and development.
Africa is China's most important and trusted partner, Wang said.
As a permanent member, China's vote in the Security Council has always belonged to a large number of developing countries, including African countries.
In the face of the new situation, China is ready to work with African countries in the Security Council to strengthen solidarity and cooperation and safeguard common interests.
The two sides should unite their forces, solve disputes through negotiation, seek self-improvement through self-reliance, and rely on development to address the root causes.
The foreign ministers of the participating African countries thanked China for convening the meeting and congratulated New China on its 70th anniversary.
The ministers said that Africa and China are each other's most trustworthy and dependable partners, and that their relations are based on equality and mutual respect.
The African side expressed appreciation to China, as a permanent member of the Security Council, for playing an important and active role in African affairs, vigorously promoting a just and rational solution to the African problems, and making great efforts and contributions to safeguarding African interests and promoting peace and security in Africa.
Currently, Africa is facing the threat of terrorism and extremism. Only by addressing security issues can Africa truly achieve long-term peaceful development.
We look forward to working with China to further coordinate its position in the Security Council and strengthen solidarity and cooperation.
Wang Yi said today's meeting reached an important consensus.
We all support the maintenance of multilateralism, strengthening the authority and role of the United Nations, upholding the purposes and principles of the Charter of the United Nations, and opposing unilateralism and bullying; we all agree to strengthen China-Africa cooperation in the affairs of the United Nations and the Security Council, and to safeguard the common interests of China and the developing countries; we all support the African approach to African issues and require the United Nations to provide financial support for independent peace operations in Africa; we all support the concept of cooperation for development and the development of peace for African countries to help them achieve independent and sustainable development; we all firmly safeguard the legitimate rights and interests of developing countries and oppose any country that creates obstacles for developing countries and deprives them of the right to development.
Gansu Qingyang: Lake sheep pack to "get out of poverty."
Autumn in September on the Loess Plateau.
A 58-year-old villager, filled the trough with his last shovelful of grass. He stayed at the edge of the trough and watched the white lake sheep munch.
"Good to eat, waiting for autumn and winter full of fat, out of the column to sell a good price."
Mr. Heavelli says he feeds the sheep a 'special nutritious meal' every day, with regular cleaning and sterilization, and takes care not to neglect.
Haveli kept sheep for more than 20 years until she came to work in a cooperative to realize how extensive sheep herding used to be.
Xiaveli is a village of Qingcheng County, Gansu Province.
His neighbors are sheep farmers, but adhere to the tradition of scattering methods, poor quality of sheep, small number of livestock.
In June this year, under the guidance of the government, 140 poor families in the village joined the cooperative, and everything began to change.
Haveli was immersed in farming all day long, because he always had a strong hold on his mind.
All of them were poor families, and they kept the sheep in trust with the cooperative, counting on him if they could pay dividends and sell them at the end of the year.
Fortunately, with the guidance of technicians, he slowly learned to do epidemic prevention, mastered scientific feeding, became a small number of the village breeding "good handle".
It is a standardised cooperative, with 16 sheds and approximately 1400 sheep.
Zou Tao, the director of the cooperative, said that the standardized sheep shed inside and outside, are very open.
"The wool is thick, it breeds germs easily, the lake sheep cannot be kept in a stuffy, damp place, the shed must be built in a three-sided groove, and a fan must be installed to ventilate and dissipate heat.
Zou Tao said, in order to prevent epidemic, also need to regularly spray and disinfect sheep shed, give sheep three or four anti-epidemic needles a season.
"Little Sheep" not only live well, but also eat a mixture of silage corn, wheat grass, alfalfa, and silage, and have a wide enough "playground" to stretch their bones and bones.
Cooperative societies adopt trusteeship in place of breeding, and guide local farmers to put fine varieties of lakes and sheep here, raising, managing and selling them in a unified way, so as to achieve improved, scientific, standardized and intensive farming.
Today, the sheep share of 140 poor households, each household bonus of more than 6,000 yuan, there are four poor clients in the cooperative to work.
In Qingyang, Gansu Province, the cultivation of meat and sheep is more than just a change of feeding pattern. The pattern of "leading enterprises + cooperatives + farmers" has changed the image of the former "sheep raising on the hillside, selling sheep in fairs", overcoming the weakness of traditional farming and animal husbandry, and the poor days of farmers become better because of modern sheep farming.
Zou Tao said that if the market price is weak, local leading enterprise Zhongsheng Agropastoral Development Co., Ltd., will buy it at a protected market price of 27 yuan per kilogram to help farmers spread market risk.
Xu Jianfeng, general adviser of the Zhongsheng Agriculture and Husbandry Development Co. Ltd. in Gansu Province, said the company is helping more and more poor households to read the sutra by providing loan guarantees, sheep farming supplies, order farming, quotation, and unified processing and sales services to poor families.
In Qingyang, at least 8,200 poor families achieved a steady increase in income by “joining ” in forage and pasture raising, fine seed breeding, large-scale farming, slaughter segmentation, and marketing.
Qingyang city is located in the northern farming and pastoral interlaced zone, forage is rich in resources.
At present, the city has 913 meat-scale sheep farms and cooperatives, a population of more than five million sheep, and has built two processing lines on the slaughter scale for 1.3 million sheep.
The French finance minister said he would cut taxes by more than 10 billion euros next year and called on Germany to follow suit
Paris (Reuters) - France will cut taxes by more than 10 billion euros ($10.9 billion) next year and Germany should keep pace with France's fiscal stimulus to revive its sluggish economy, Finance Minister Bruno Le Maire said on Thursday.
Introducing France's 2020 budget, Le Maire said the ECB's latest monetary easing had created an opportunity for member governments that could afford it to increase investment.
The European Central Bank cut interest rates to record lows on September 12 and plans to restart borrowing in an effort to drive down borrowing costs in hopes of stimulating economic recovery and pushing up inflation.
"Low interest rates will not bring about a return to prosperity in Europe, and monetary policy measures are necessary but not sufficient," Lemaire told reporters.
"Germany needs to invest now, and the sooner the better. Don't wait for things to get worse," he added.
He has made this appeal to Germany many times.
France has already implemented more than €10 billion in tax cuts this year, providing a big boost to the country's economic growth.
And the global economy is losing momentum, with the export-dependent German economy bearing the brunt.
Le Maire pointed out that next year the tax burden on French families will be reduced by €9.3 billion, including €5 billion in income tax relief.
In addition, the corporate tax burden will be reduced by almost €1 billion with the phased implementation of the corporate tax rate from 33.3 per cent to 25 per cent over a five-year period.
General Secretary Xi Jinping recently issued important instructions on the protection of memorial facilities for martyrs, stressing the need to strengthen the planning, construction, repair, management and maintenance of the martyrs' cemetery.
In order to fully implement the important directive of General Secretary Xi Jinping and focus on the protection and management of the memorial facilities for martyrs, the General Office of the Central Committee of the Communist Party of China, the General Office of the State Council and the General Office of the Central Military Commission have recently issued the General Work Programme for the planning and the management of the construction and management of the maintenance of the Martyrs' Memorial facilities.
The Work Programme is a programmatic document for the protection and management of the martyrs' memorial facilities. It defines the objectives and tasks for the protection and management of the martyrs' memorial facilities. It proposes to plan the construction of the memorial facilities for the martyrs and improve the system of red educational bases for the promotion of the spirit of the martyrs; to renovate and protect the memorial facilities for the martyrs and to create a strong social atmosphere in which the memory of the achievements of the martyrs are honoured; and to manage and maintain the memorial facilities for the martyrs and form a well-regulated organizational security management system.
The Work Plan makes it clear that the repair and protection of the memorial facilities for martyrs should be strengthened, that the repair and protection of the memorial facilities for martyrs should be effectively enhanced in accordance with the principle of an overall plan and with a long-term perspective, and that efforts should be made to improve the leadership institutional mechanism and the system of policies and regulations; to organize the implementation of quality improvement and transformation projects, improve facilities and equipment and enhance service capacity; and to optimize their contents, display them in innovative ways, and enhance overall effectiveness.
The Work Program stresses the need to strengthen the system and organizational protection, strengthen the organizational leadership of the Ministry of Veterans' Affairs, and led by the Ministry of Veterans' Affairs; to improve the legal system system with a view to the implementation of the Heroes' Protection Law of the Martyrs, and continuously advance the management institutionalization, standardization and professionalism in the development of the Planning for the Construction of the Facilities of Remembrance of Martyrs; to strengthen team building, introduce volunteer services and encourage the active participation of veterans, families of martyrs, experts, scholars and young students in explaining and maintaining order at the Martyrs' Memorial facilities; to improve the mechanism for social participation, adhere to government leadership and diversified input, and actively advocate for the encouragement of enterprises, social organizations and individuals to contribute and support for the renovation and protection of the Martyrs' Memorial facilities.
Study: U.S. National Healthy Eating Index growth modest but still challenging - Zhongxin Net
A new study shows a modest increase in the U.S. government's healthy eating index from 56 to 58 over the past 16 years.
But with a full score of 100, it's not something to celebrate.
Americans still face "significant challenges" in their diets.
Dr. Fang Cheung, one of the study's co-authors and a nutrition researcher at Tufts University in Massachusetts, said Americans continue to eat a disproportionate amount of foods that can cause heart disease, diabetes and obesity, the most common diseases in the United States.
The study was published online April 24 in the Journal of the American Medical Association.
The study is based on findings from a U.S. government health survey of 44,000 adults conducted from 1999 to 2016.
"Despite significant improvements, significant dietary challenges remain," the authors wrote.
The challenges are known to include getting Americans to cut down on snacks, hot dogs, fat cattle, butter and other foods that contain saturated fat.
The study found that people's dietary intake of these unhealthy fats increased from 11.5% to 12%, exceeding the recommended intake limit of 10%.
The biggest improvement in the national diet has been a drop in sugar intake from 16% to about 14%, but it is still too high.
Officials say that the intake of added sugar in the diet should be less than 10%.
The researchers attributed the decrease in sugar consumption to a decrease in people's consumption of sugar-flavored soft drinks, but Zhang stressed that sugars are often added to even less sweet foods, such as yoghurt and ketchup.
Adults in the United States have seen a small increase in their intake of fruits, nuts, oats, and other whole grain categories.
However, 2016 data show that these foods still account for less than 5% of the daily diet.
Although people consume slightly less salt, and the reduction in fruit juice has led to lower quality carbohydrates, Zhang said they still account for as much as 42% of daily calories, many of which come from refined white bread and other refined grains.
The study was based on biennial personal health surveys that asked adults to recall the foods they had eaten in the past 24 hours.
These health surveys have asked this question twice every few days since 2003.
The government's Dietary Guidelines for Americans recommend that people adopt a "healthy eating pattern" to reduce their risk of chronic disease.
The guidelines state that people should eat more nutrient-dense foods such as vegetables, fruits, whole grains, low-fat dairy products, and foods such as seafood, lean meats, poultry meat, eggs, and seeds that provide protein.
The number of Americans with diabetes nearly doubled, to more than 7%, during the study period, and obesity rates have increased over the years – today, about 70% of American adults are overweight or obese.
In addition, heart disease remains the leading cause of death among U.S. nationals.
EU promotes strategic partnership with Asia
A member of the Politburo of the Communist Party of Vietnam, member of the Secretariat of the Central Committee and Secretary of the Central Economy Minister Nguyễn Văn Bình led the delegation to attend the forum.
Based on the close partnership between the European Union and its partners in the Asia-Pacific region, the theme of the forum was "Docking the European Union and Asia: Building Bridges for a Sustainable Future".
The forum comes a year after the EU's docking strategy between the two continents was implemented.
Jean-Claude Juncker, the president of the European Commission, said that enhanced docking was part of the idea because it brought benefits to the peoples and economies concerned.
These relations have helped bring stability and prosperity to the parties involved.
He also argued that the EU wanted to send a message about increasing participation and strengthening the mutually beneficial interface between Europe and Asia.
Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe is a special guest of honour of the Forum and will deliver an important speech at the plenary session.
China's first equity banking subsidiary to set up technology-enabled capital management business
On the 26th, Guangda Financial Management Company, a wholly owned subsidiary of Everbright Bank, was formally established in Qingdao, the first joint-stock banking subsidiary in China.
Experts said that asset management is an important area for the development of financial technology, and that the establishment of a wealth management subsidiary to facilitate the use of technology to upgrade management of the business.
In April, Everbright Bank and China Merchants Bank announced separately that they had received approval from the China Banking Insurance Regulatory Commission to set up a wealth management subsidiary.
On September 24, Everbright Bank announced that Everbright Bank had been officially allowed to open for business.
Just two days later, Everbright led a number of joint stock banks, the first to set up Everbright Financial Management in Qingdao.
Li Xiaopeng, Chairman of Everbright, said Everbright will accelerate the pace of innovation, using modern technology thinking and tools, relying on big data, the Internet of Things and cloud computing, to increase the coverage, usage and penetration of financial capital, and enhance customers' sense of access, happiness and security.
By 2021, China will establish and improve the "four beams and eight pillars" in financial science and technology development, further enhance the application capacity of financial science and technology, and achieve deep integration and coordinated development of finance and science and technology, so as to increase people's satisfaction with digitized, networked and intelligent financial products and services.
Everbright chairman Zhang Xuyang said, Everbright's management platform will use technology such as intelligent patronage, intelligent research and big data to help the company better judge the macro-economic situation.
New technologies such as blockchain will also be used in the future to capture the direction and trends from traditional to alternative assets to digital alternative assets.
Dong Ximiao, a special research fellow at the National Finance and Development Laboratory, said financial technology companies and management agencies will explore new growth paths with management technology in a new competitive situation for the management industry.
Financial technology management industry, not only the financial technology own transformation development needs, but also for the management business development to inject new vitality and vigor.
At the beginning of this year, Jingdong Digital Science and Technology launched a new management technology system to enhance management's product development and wind control capabilities through technology and digital means.
The new system starts from product design, sales transaction, asset management, risk assessment, and promotes the overall intelligent operation level of the management industry.
Experts believe that management technology in the promotion of customer service capacity, innovative rich products, but also to enhance the ability of risk prevention, improve management efficiency.
While it used to be easy to use questionnaires to determine the risk of bias, creating a user portrait using artificial intelligence now helps to better target the customer and to produce products based on the customer's investment preferences, helping to defuse the risk, Zhang said.
"Other big data, such as electrical merchants, spatio-temporal data, can help us better characterize the activity and prosperity of a region, an industry," he said.
'In addition to mitigating risks, big data technology will also help improve wind control capabilities, 'Mr. Zhang said.
China's deepest rail tunnel shaft refilled
China News Agency Baoshan, September 27 (Zhang Weiming Xu for the State of Zhou Jingbo) After more than 1,200 days of day and night construction, the Dae-Lai (Lai) railway completed the construction of the shaft of the No. 1 Gaoligong mountain tunnel, at a depth of 762.59 meters below the surface, breaking the China's railway tunnel shaft, which is the deepest record, and this record was created by a large surge of water.
The 34.5 km long Gaoligongshan Tunnel is located in Yunnan, and is the longest single tunnel tunnel in Asia, crossing the Gaoligongshan Mountains from the west bank of the Nujiang River.
The tunnel traverses 19 fault zones, with a maximum depth of 1,155 metres (3,430 ft), and is known as the "Geology Museum" of the tunnel construction because it covers almost all of the adverse geological and major risks that would be encountered in the construction of the tunnel.
The shaft is the most important auxiliary tunnel of the Gaoligongshan tunnel, which is charged with the important task of increasing the operating surface to realize the "short tunnel" and the late railway operation ventilation.
The No. 1 shaft was successfully dug to the bottom of the well, marking the formal entry of the Gaoligongshan Tunnel into the horizontal tunnel construction, and after the excavation of the underground vehicle yard and the replacement of equipment, four operating surfaces could be added to the underground, to speed up the construction of the tunnel.
"The shaft is all in the granite formation, because granite formation fissures are more, can not stop the water, from the top to the bottom of the flow, basically as deep as the water pressure."
Si Jingzhao, Chief Engineer of DaRui Railway Project Department of China Railway Tunnel Bureau, told reporters that the shaft construction, many dangerous situations, such as muddy rush water, collapse, the construction side invited experts on the spot to check the pulse, more than 20 to discuss the treatment plan of the project.
"At its maximum, the rush of water in the shaft is equal to more than 300 cubic metres per hour, more than 700 metres deep, at the bottom of 700 m."
"If we don't drain the water in time, we will drown 10 meters in one hour," he said. "We spend almost 85% of our time on water treatment and 15% of our time on digging."
In order to overcome such geologic problems as longitudinal joint development, water inrush, water-rich granite, etc., the tunnel construction adopts the combination of "exploration, injection and excavation" to reduce the risk of construction.
After many improvements, the construction of shaft No. 1 has formed a mechanized pipeline, such as excavation system, ballast system, hoist system, winch lifting system, etc., and has realized the mechanization of the whole process, such as drilling, blasting, ballast, template installation, concrete pouring, etc., which has accelerated the construction progress.
Eventually, after more than 1,200 days of day and night construction, the shaft was successfully completed at a depth of 762.59 m.
With a length of 330 km, it is an important part of the international corridor between China and Myanmar, and is an important transport infrastructure for the implementation of the Belt and Road project.
When opened, the travel time from Dali to Ruili will be shortened from the current six hours to two hours, which will greatly improve the transportation pattern in western Yunnan and promote economic and trade cooperation and friendly people-to-people exchanges between China and Southeast Asian countries.
As a Chinese, she is proud of her country's achievements
The Hong Kong press celebrates the 70th anniversary of the National Day.
The Hong Kong Press Reception to Celebrate the 70th Anniversary of the Founding of the People's Republic of China was held in Hong Kong on 27 July.
In her speech at the reception, the Chief Executive of the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region, Mrs Carrie Lam, said that the achievements of the past 70 years had been witnessed by the world and we are all proud of being Chinese.
Mrs Lam, Deputy Director of the Central Government Liaison Office in Hong Kong, Ms Lu Xin Ning, Deputy Commissioner of the Office of the Commissioner of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs in Hong Kong, Mr Song Ru-an, Deputy Political Commissar of the PLA Hong Kong Garrison, Mr Chen Yadin, Chairman of the Executive Committee of the Hong Kong Press Celebration Committee for the National Day Celebration, Mr Jiang Jae-chung, attended the reception and served as officiating guests.
In her speech, Mrs Lam pointed out that in the past 70 years, China has made great progress, and even though it has faced many difficulties and challenges, it has overcome them one by one, and its achievements have been witnessed by the world, and we are proud to be Chinese.
Since its return to the motherland, Hong Kong has been closely linked with the Mainland, working hand in hand to make progress and share fruitful results.
We believe that under the premise of "One Country, Two Systems", Hong Kong can continue to play its strengths and seize the opportunities of the "Belt and Road" and opportunities for Guangdong, Hong Kong and Macao in order to seek a better future for Hong Kong.
She added that every Hong Kong person had been affected by the social controversies of the past few months, and that journalists faced different challenges.
At this critical juncture, I hope our friends in the press will continue to rise to the challenge, uphold professionalism, provide fair and balanced news coverage for the community, and contribute to the future of Hong Kong and the community's return to a rational dialogue.
In his speech, Jiang said that the glorious journey that the new China has gone through is also a journey of Hong Kong and the motherland sharing common development, progress, blood link, honor and disgrace.
Especially since Hong Kong's return to the motherland, the Central Government has unswervingly implemented the principles of "one country, two systems", "Hong Kong people administering Hong Kong" and a high degree of autonomy.
The Hong Kong press gathered to celebrate the 70th anniversary of the founding of the People's Republic of China.
He said Hong Kong had witnessed a series of violent activities in the past three months which blatantly violated the law and undermined social stability, fuelled by distorted and false reports published by some media.
He called on the media to shake things up and to create an atmosphere in which all people would resist violence and uphold the rule of law.
The professional media should strictly abide by the professional standards of journalism, use truthful reporting and responsible speech to guide the public to become more conscious of violence, and safeguard the justice and majesty of the law.
About 500 people from all walks of life, including the Hong Kong press, attended the reception and joined the officiating guests to raise their glasses to the 70th anniversary of the founding of the People's Republic of China (PRC).
Reporter from the Xining Municipal Committee Publicity Department has learned that the "Regulations on the Promotion of the Civilized Conduct of Xining City" in Xining City will take effect from October 1, such as targeting pedestrians without following traffic lights, throwing objects, and other 15 kinds of uncivilized behavior, laying out the key control list, and setting up corresponding punishments.
According to Wang Shengbin, Vice Minister of Publicity of the Xining Municipal Committee and Director of the Municipal Civilization Office, Xining City was awarded the title of National Civilization City in 2017.
But pedestrians crossing the street, running red lights, passing non-motorized vehicles without following traffic lights, projectiles and car windows, smoking in public places, walking dogs in public places and allowing open to defecation, and other uncivilized behavior are still prominent and easy to rebound, and need to be resolved as soon as possible.
In accordance with the reality of Xining, the regulations set out a more comprehensive and higher standard of civilized conduct for individuals and units in terms of public places, public order, public facilities, public environmental sanitation, civilized travel, civilized tourism, civilized Internet access, construction of civilized campuses, promotion of civilized family construction, performance of official duties, commemoration of heroes and martyrs, medical services, etc.
"The enactment of regulations to eliminate blind spots and misconceptions in the field of civilized behavior perception, and to establish comprehensive standards for citizens' behavior, housekeeping, dining, travel, education, tourism, Internet access, green life, wedding sacrifice, etc., will provide a strong legal guarantee for the regularization of the creation of mass spiritual civilization in Xining City," it said.
Xining City NPCSC Secretary General Qiu Huaijun said.
Lines 1, 2 and 7 of the Beijing Subway will be operating late tonight - Zhongxin Network
This afternoon (September 27), the Beijing Subway Corporation announced that the operating dates of Line 1, Line 2 and Line 7 would be adjusted from September 27 to October 7.
Lines 1 and 2 will run until the early hours of the next morning, with an average of 10 minutes for each train.
Line 2 extends its operating time from the inner ring for 81 minutes, and from the outer ring for 95 minutes, with the last trains departing at 00: 20 the next day, and the last trains departing at 00: 50 the next day.
The last train on the line from Beijing West (to the direction of the coking plant) was extended from 23: 15 to 00: 15 the next day, and the last train from Coking Factory Station (to the direction of the Beijing West station) was extended from 22: 25 to 23: 25.
British tourist car keys fall into lake and family trapped in France for five days
A Welsh couple who were in France on holiday with their two children dropped their car keys into a lake and the family was forced to wait five days for a new key made by the carmaker.
The couple then left France with their children.
This British family was on a tour of a lake in France on September 16, local time, when their daughter accidentally knocked over a leather bag and dropped the car keys inside, according to reports.
But it took them hours and failed to find the key.
All their belongings and cash were locked in the car.
Despite British tourists buying insurance before departure, insurers refused to help on the grounds that the vehicles were not in danger of being stolen.
They hired a trailer to pull the car to a garage for storage and reordered the keys from the car manufacturer.
A few days later, the British tourist finally got the set key, and the couple left for France with their children.
Their scheduled trip was cancelled due to the loss of the car keys.
Saudi Arabia formally liberalizes tourist visas for 49 countries, including China
(Dubai 27) From now on, Saudi Arabia officially released tourist visas to 49 countries, including China, for a total visa fee of 440 riyals (about 836 RMB).
Visitors are required to prepare a medical insurance policy covering the territory of the Kingdom and to provide an address in the Kingdom to apply.
Visitors can apply for a landing sign at the airport after landing, or electronically via visa.visitsaudi.com.
Electronic signatures, which allow tourists to stay for up to 90 days, are issued for multiple entries into the country in the course of a year.
Saudi Arabia is the most secretive country for ordinary tourists, because the country never issues tourist visas.
Saudi Arabia ’ s “Vision 2030 ” initiative, launched in recent years under the leadership of Deputy Crown Prince Mahamadou bin Salman, aims to reduce the country ’ s long-term dependence on oil, with the opening up of tourism and the development of tourism as an important component.
Belarusian Deputy Prime Minister Igor Lyashenko is on a working visit to Hing An Province, Vietnam.
During the meeting, Du Jinz, Secretary of the Hing'an Provincial Committee, highlighted the remarkable achievements of Belarus in industrial production and the investment of Belarusian enterprises in Hing'an Province.
The completion and commissioning of the MAZ ASIA Automotive Production and Installation plant is an important step in the development of business cooperation between the two countries, helping to promote the cooperative relations between Hing An Province and even between Viet Nam and Belarus.
Du Jinz, secretary of the provincial committee, stated that Hing An had been creating convenient conditions for Belarusian enterprises investing in the province and hoped that in the future Belarus would take more vigorous measures to encourage Belarusian enterprises to invest in Hing An and Viet Nam, and to assist in the training of the province's workers and the transfer of industrial production skills.
The Deputy Prime Minister expressed gratitude to Xingan Province for the recent facilitation of the production and business activities of Belarusian enterprises in the past.
It was to be hoped that the province would continue to facilitate Belarusian enterprises.
After the meeting, Deputy Prime Minister Igor Lyashenko's delegation attended the completion ceremony of the MAZ ASIA car production and installation factory.
In the low risk varieties food production license and other areas of pilot informed commitment system, the representative office of foreign enterprises handling the matter to the free trade zone
27, the Shanghai Municipal Market Supervisory Authority signed a working memorandum with the Pudong New Area Government to introduce 20 market supervision reform measures, some of the first in the country.
According to the introduction, the notification of commitment means that the administrative organs, when dealing with the licensing registration matters, inform the applicant in writing of the conditions and requirements stipulated by the laws and regulations.
After the applicant has signed the undertaking, the administrative organ may handle it directly.
According to the Memorandum, the Shanghai market supervisory authorities will support the implementation of the commitment system in three areas, namely, registration of enterprises' names, licensing of the production of food with simple processes and low-risk varieties, and approval of certain measuring instrument forms, so as to facilitate enterprise access.
Shanghai Shao Wansheng Food Co., Ltd. 27 on the spot by means of notification of the commitment to obtain "Food Production License", the first enterprise to enjoy the pilot dividend.
Business leaders say that food permits can also be certified on the spot, and there is a “lack of acceptance ” approach, where companies are allowed to submit part of their materials within the time limit stipulated in the letter of commitment,“ to feel the benefits of the reform. ”
The Shanghai market regulator said the implementation of informed commitment system for food production permits was the first to be piloted in the country.
After the reform, the examination and approval process was shortened from the previous six links of "registration, acceptance, on-site verification, sample inspection, material examination, and examination and approval and certification" to the three links of "registration, acceptance, examination and approval and certification", and the closing time was shortened from 20 working days before the reform to the on-spot completion of the process.
Considering the highly extroverted nature of the Pudong economy, the Shanghai market supervision department has delegated the registration of permanent representative offices of foreign (regional) enterprises to the Shanghai Free Trade Zone for the convenience of enterprises in the vicinity.
Statistics show that the decentralization involved a total of 1,592 permanent representations in the Shanghai Free Trade Zone, of which 99 have been handled in accordance with the new regulations.
"11" long holiday consumption small survey: Choose more diversified travel to occupy the first place.
National Day holiday approaching, people's holiday plans are also gradually finalized.
Securities Daily reporters in a circle of friends "XI" has launched a small survey of the holiday arrangements, nearly 20 feedback received, although different plans, but "travel + consumption" has become the key word of the vacation.
Specifically, in the feedback obtained by a reporter for the Securities Journal, more than half of the people chose to travel.
Mr Liu, who lives in Tianjin, said he was "planning to take his family to Shanghai during the '11' period, with Disney as the first stop and then a tour around the surrounding cities"; Ms Li and her family in Beijing chose to travel to Taiwan, China, with "a family of three departing on September 28 and planning a ten-day tour around the island"; Ms Ma in Chongqing planned an outbound trip to Singapore; and Mr Zhang and his family in Hebei chose to drive themselves, saying "my daughter is less than two years old, is not very convenient, and plans to drive herself to Shandong and spend a few days by the sea".
A recent report on the Golden Week residents outbound and outbound travel in the 2019 report of the trends in outbound and outbound travel, shows that this year's Golden Week travel, outbound and outbound travel, shows an upward trend in terms of consumption in the three subsectors of travel, residence and travel.
Aircraft, high-speed rail travel penetration rate steadily increased, star hotels, personalized non-standard accommodation demand for the increase.
On September 23, 2019, the National Day Tourism Trends Report revealed that tourism consumption continued to flourish, and there was a "stay and play" trend of increased levels of tourism.
More young people go abroad to favour high-quality, distinctive experience, cultural tourism, night tourism and so on the fever continues to rise.
In addition to tourism, various types of consumer demand are also concentrated during the "Eleven" period.
"The main plan for this year is to buy a car," Mr. Wang, who lives in Chengdu, told Securities Daily.
In general, September and October are referred to as the golden period for car sales, a staffer at a 4S store in Beijing told the Securities Daily.
During the "11" period, stores will launch a number of activities, such as raffle, store reduction, and so on.
In addition, a number of recent brands launched new models, the impact of the new product on sales is expected to be more obvious.
Under the trend of consumption upgrading, people pay more attention to the spiritual level of the demand to meet, culture, education and other services consumption is constantly increasing.
Ms Du, who lives in Beijing, says that since the birth of a child, cultural and educational spending has become the biggest part of household spending.
This year number eleven is packed with families going to the Planetarium, the Children Theatre, families camping out in tents at the Elk Museum on weekends, and audition classes. "
Some people in the industry have said that, in theory, the residential consumption upgrade evolution path is from survival-type consumption to development-type consumption and hedonistic consumption, in which a considerable part of hedonistic consumption is the category of service-type consumption.
With the continuous economic and social development of our country and the increasing income level, people pay more and more attention to the spiritual level of consumer demand, tourism, travel is a good way.
In particular, to catch up with the 11th National Day national holiday, more time, people more willing to travel and spend, which can meet the spiritual level of consumer demand, but also reflect the upgrading of residential consumption.
The afternoon began lonely, unwilling to go out, have not yet adjusted to the state of the children not around.
Pick yourself up and say to Nana, the dog, Mom is taking you out the door.
I have written down a few things to do in detail. The character of Type A blood is getting stronger and stronger, and I feel very uncomfortable.
Take a suit, buy a nutrition grain, pay, buy sashimi, Nana's little snacks.
These are the reasons to go out.
In the end, it is revealed that he has no other reason to buy a snack.
There were a few perfunctory chuckles, said the child came to the phone and hung up.
Nana leapt into the assistant seat, straight down on her back, knowing that she was carsick, terrified, and unwilling not to accompany me.
It's rare for husband Boo to come back early.
Lien marveled at the salmon salad made with shea, and then went to the bedroom to lie in bed watching TV.
Take a glance at the wall, just 7 o'clock, Sunrise country sunset is also early, the day has been dark down.
In the circle of friends in the invention of the moon, the original today is the Mid-Autumn Festival.
Wash a bunch of grapes sent by friends, leave half for Boo, the rest will be put in the favorite small flower bowl, to go out to see the moon.
Sitting on the ground with Nana, I eat the grapes. She eats the skins, and I spit the grape seeds far away.
The moon was hidden in the clouds, but when the clouds were gone, the moon appeared suddenly and faintly.
There is a lot of poetry about the moon in my head, but I just like it very clearly. Every three or five years, we get together / there is a round in the sky.
Perhaps we give too much emotion to the moonlight, but for me now, actually, it is the word of God that Caesar's is best.
The moonlight comes to you, and the mood comes to you.
After eating the grapes, it was cold in the cold moon.
Nana began to snore slightly at her feet. She stood up and spread Nana's blanket on the edge of her little house, on which Nana was lying happily.
Pull open the door and shout, Is the bath water ready?
From the bathroom window is not to see the moon, can only feel the moonlight, turn off the bathroom lights, open the glass.
No mooncakes, no drinking.
The 2020 Dubai World Expo will unveil the mascot.
The launch ceremony for the mascot of the 2020 Dubai World Expo was held in Dubai, United Arab Emirates.
The mascot consists of six cartoon characters, including two Emirati children, three flying robots, and an Emirati national tree.
The press conference introduced the six mascots to the audience through a video clip.
Rashid, a 9-year-old boy, and Latifah, an 8-year-old girl, are brothers and sisters and represent the people of the United Arab Emirates.
Three robots correspond to the three sub-themes of the Expo, with blue robots representing "mobility", green robots representing "sustainability" and yellow robots representing "opportunity".
An ancient foliage tree has been named "Salama," after the "granny" of five "little guys," symbolising the ancestors who guarded the land.
Ahmed, the president of the Dubai Expo High Committee, said mascots could strengthen emotional ties between the big events and the participants, "trusting that the mascot of the Dubai Expo will convey the traditional spirit of storytelling, showcase the creativity of indigenous talent and express our ambitions and expectations."
The Vice President and Prime Minister of the United Arab Emirates, Sheikh Mohammed of Dubai, Crown Prince Hamdan of Dubai, the State Minister for International Cooperation of the United Arab Emirates, and Director of the Dubai Expo Bureau, Liam Hashemi, were among those present at the launch ceremony.
The Dubai Expo will be held in Dubai from October 20, 2020 to April 10, 2021, with the theme "Communicating Thoughts, Creating the Future."
This will be the first time that the Expo will be held in the Middle East.
From next year, Chinese students will be able to apply for German undergraduate courses based on their results in the university entrance examination
Starting in 2020, Chinese high school graduates will be able to apply directly for undergraduate degrees based on their scores in the college entrance examination, without first enrolling in a domestic university, Germany's Anabin database, which evaluates foreign academic qualifications, announced on its website.
Before that, Chinese high school graduates who wanted to apply to a German university needed to study for one semester (211,985 university) or three semesters (regular undergraduate) in their home country, and pass APS or TestAS exams.
The new rules could save at least half a year for Chinese students who want to study in Germany.
It is understood the new rules will come into force in the second half of 2019.
Applicants are required to: complete 12 years of compulsory formal education and obtain a senior secondary school diploma; take the entrance examination, college entrance examination, and attain a score of 70% or above of the total score (525 or above if the total score is 750), and include two language grades and one grade in mathematics or natural sciences.
In addition, the specific specialty to the college entrance examination results of the requirements are different.
For example, to apply for a major in medicine medicine, stomatology, veterinary medicine, or pharmacy, a field of medicine must reach the full mark of 80%, and the subject must include at least two subjects in mathematics, physics, chemistry, biology, or integration in science; to apply for a major in law, a subject of law must reach the full mark of 80%, and the subject must include a foreign language, history, at least two subjects in geography, or participation in a literary ensemble.
According to incomplete statistics, there have been a number of countries including Germany, the United Kingdom, Canada, Australia and other countries recognized Chinese college entrance examination results.
In the UK, universities such as Cambridge University, Birmingham University, and Leicester University all accept applications from Chinese students based on their university entrance examination results.
Military "machine dogs" are first included in a performance class for the Sundance troupe: consider incorporating them into the performance lineup.
The U. S. military has funded the development of a "robot dog" for use in the battlefield, and may now be the first to enter the circus arena!
Cirque du Soleil has said it is approaching Boston Dynamics, the company that developed the robots, to discuss the feasibility of using robots in circus shows.
Boston Dynamics released a promotional video Thursday showing Spot, an agile mobile robot capable of carrying up to 14 kg, with a high degree of maneuverability, 360-degree obstacle avoidance, navigation, remote control, and autonomy.
In particular, Spot has a proprietary software platform specifically designed for Spot that allows users to configure their own Spot robot capabilities through a variety of applications.
Boston Dynamics first published the idea of a robot dog in 1992, which caused a stir, but it has not yet been used commercially.
However, according to Boston Dynamics, Spot is now in the production phase, with the majority of orders being made by construction and energy companies.
In addition, Cirque du Soleil is in talks with Boston Dynamics, Inc. Cirque du Soleil says the project is still in the conceptual stages and is evaluating Spot's potential for use in the performance scene.
Information Office of the State Council Releases White Paper "China and the World in the New Era"
On the occasion of the 70th anniversary of the founding of the People's Republic of China, the State Council Information Office released a white paper entitled "China and the World in the New Era" on 27 July.
Xu Lin, Vice-Minister of the Ministry of Information and Director of the State Council Information Office, said that the white paper systematically introduces China's achievements in development, its path of development and its direction, and elaborates on the relations between China and the rest of the world with a view to enhancing the international community's understanding of China's development.
"The white paper says that, under the leadership of the Communist Party of China (CPC), China has undergone world-shaking changes over the past 70 years, creating a miracle of development unprecedented in the history of mankind, particularly since the 18th CPC National Congress, China has made historic achievements and made historic changes in its development.
Through a wealth of data and facts, the white paper describes China's great achievements in development over the past seven decades, as well as its great significance and contribution to the world.
The white paper says that China has completed the centuries-old development process in the developed world in a matter of decades, and its total economic volume has leapt to the second place in the world, with nearly 1.4 billion people, generally well-off and enjoying unprecedented dignity and rights.
The white paper stresses that over the past 70 years, the Chinese people have made great efforts to build a new world by making their own efforts, relying on their own efforts and making their own contributions to the world; over the past 70 years, China has developed its relations with the rest of the world, embraced the world, studied the world and contributed to the world.
"The white paper says that the root cause of China's success in development over the past 70 years is that, under the leadership of the Communist Party of China (CPC), the Chinese people have found the right path to development, socialism with Chinese characteristics, and continue to follow it unswervingly.
The white paper stresses that the road of socialism with Chinese characteristics is a road established in the light of China's national conditions, a road that puts the interests of the people first, a road of reform and innovation, a road of common development in opening up, and a road of ruling the country by law in an all-round way.
This development road suits China's national conditions, meets the requirements of the times and will increasingly show bright development prospects as the times advance.
In response to the concerns of the international community over China's development, the white paper stresses that it is the dream of the Chinese people, as well as the common dream of people of all countries, to achieve national prosperity, national rejuvenation and people's happiness.
The white paper says that China is a major stabilizer and power source of world economic growth.Opening up to the outside world on all fronts will create more opportunities for the development of all countries, China will provide more public products to the international community, and China's development will provide experience and lessons for other developing countries.
"The white paper says that the world is undergoing major changes in a century, and that human society is full of both hopes and challenges."
China has proposed the building of a community of human destiny, and blazed a new road of cooperation, win-win cooperation and shared development, thus providing new options for human development.
The white paper calls on all countries to unite in building a new type of international relations, to promote a new type of economic globalization, to safeguard the international system with the United Nations at its core, to promote civilizational exchanges and mutual learning, to work together to build a community of human destiny and to build a better world.
With the increasing development of China, the international community is generally concerned about how a developing China can get along with the world.
The white paper says China cannot develop in isolation from the rest of the rest of the world, as well as peace, prosperity and stability in the world.
China has always placed its own development in the frame of reference of human development.It adheres to cooperation for win-win and common development, upholds and promotes economic globalization, actively develops global partnership, firmly supports multilateralism, upholds international equity and justice, promotes joint building of the "One Belt, One Road" for high-quality development, actively participates in leading the reform and construction of the global governance system, and has always been a builder of world peace, a contributor to global development and a defender of international order.
At present, China has entered a new era of development.
"The white paper says that the determination of China to follow the road of socialism with Chinese characteristics in the new era will not change, nor will the determination to learn from each other and enjoy win-win cooperation with other countries, nor will the determination to join hands with the rest of the world.
The white paper concludes that the future of nations in today's world has never been more closely intertwined.
The white paper, "China and the World in the New Era", consists of a preface, the text and the concluding remarks, and contains a full text of more than 29,000 words.
The white paper is published in eight languages: Chinese, English, French, Russian, German, Spanish, Arabic and Japanese. It is published separately by the People's Publishing House and the Foreign Languages Publishing House and is distributed in Xinhua bookstores nationwide.
Does MCA contest the by-election in Danjong Biai, Johor?
Ma Hua Association President Dato 'Seri Wei Jiaxiang: "Discuss with the Supreme Council of the BN!"
Danuebiai by-election is imminent, Mahua is standing in the traditional seat of a BN member, who is a member of the party.
However, after a meeting of the MCA Central Committee, it was announced that it would be left to the BN Supreme Council to decide whether the MCA's traditional seat would continue to be filled by the MCA or be replaced by other members of the party.
After presiding over the Central Council on Thursday afternoon, Wei told the media that any by-election would be conducted in accordance with the Standard Operating Procedures (SOP), that is, after a meeting of the BN Supreme Council.
He said that the meeting of the Supreme Council of the National Front was expected to take place in early October, as the Electoral Commission would meet only on Monday (1 January) to finalize the by-election for the by-election, he said.
"Yesterday morning, I also met with the Chairman of the BN, Dato 'Shri Ahmad Zahi, and we all agreed on the need to retake the seat from the coalition of hope," he said.
"We have finalized the convening of a special BN leadership conference in early October, at which the leaders of the three BN parties will determine which of their members will join the coalition," he said.
When asked whether MCA would insist on standing for the traditional seat on the BN Supreme Council, Wei reiterated that as the head of the MCA, he must act in accordance with the standard operating procedures and therefore any decision must be taken by the BN consensus.
"In any by-election, there are people willing to go out and there are political parties and there are parties who think they should come out, which is a common thing."
"The most important thing is what kind of organization and political union do we come from?"
"This is a great test of the political union we have formed over the years, and we believe that the BN has held some valuable values along the way."
"In the process, there may be someone who will say something, and that's not surprising," in the process.
"But once the supreme council of the BN has made a decision, everyone must be prepared to fight, and that is the most valuable thing."
In any case, Mr Wei said, Ma would make every effort to prepare for the upcoming by-election at three levels, namely District Council, State Council and Central Committee.
"The district council will be headed by the chairman of the district council, Dato 'Seri Huang, while the state council will be led by the acting chairman of Suzhou joint council, Dato' Lin Peixing, while the central committee will be headed by the acting president, Dato 'Ma Hanshun, and the general secretary, Dato' Zhang, General Secretary, who will be deployed in person."
Member of Parliament Dato Mohamad Farley, of the Indigenous Unity Party, died at the Luton Government Hospital on Saturday, at the age of 42, after suffering a heart attack.
A villager in Baokang County, Hubei Province, who hunted and captured wild animals has been ordered to "patrol the mountain."
A villager in Baokang County, Hubei Province, was sentenced for hunting and catching wildlife and ordered to pay compensation of 15,420 yuan (RMB, same below) for the cost of repairing environmental damage to ecological resources.
Due to the indigence of the family of the defendant, the procuratorial organs used the substitute labor to compensate the ecological rehabilitation expenses, thus realizing the organic unity of legal and social effect.
Baokang County Deputy Public Prosecutor Wang Zhongliang said that through three months of "duty to patrol the mountains" and other alternative labor, Zhou had developed a deep relationship with wild macaque monkeys and was deeply blaming himself for the hunting of the animals.
On June 21 this year, Baokang County Public Prosecutor's Office filed a criminal incidental civil public interest lawsuit in the field of ecological resources, in the county court public trial and sentence in the court.
Defendant Zhou Mou was sentenced to three years' imprisonment, four years' probation, and a fine of 3,000 yuan, and was ordered to pay $15,420 in compensation for the cost of repairing environmental damage to ecological resources.
In late January 2014, Chou began to build a power grid along the cliffs, trapping more than 20 wild animals, including impala, muntjac, and moose.
The species is listed as the most critically endangered species, and is listed on the National List of Threatened Wild Animals.
During the trial, Zhou confessed to his illegal facts and actions and was willing to bear incidental civil liability.
However, in view of Zhou's poor economic situation, under the coordination of Baokang County procuratorate of Baokang County, the local village committee, the forest station, and Zhou reached an agreement on alternative labor to compensate the cost of ecological rehabilitation: In other words, Zhou provides public service to cover the cost of ecological rehabilitation by carrying out the work of monkey domestication, voluntary mountain patrol, and forest protection for one year in the village macaque reserve.
In response to the prosecutor's recommendation, the court said it accepted Zhou's execution of the probation while actively perform "alternative labor to compensate for the ecological restoration costs".
At present, Zhou Mou has been in the macaque reserve for three months of voluntary labor, active mountain patrol, good performance.
In recent years, Baokang County procuratorate has integrated the procuratorial function and social governance behavior in practice, using scientific supervision methods such as procuratorial advice, investigation supervision and lawsuit supervision to minimize damage to the ecological environment caused by criminal acts.
UN awards Earth Defender Award for 'Ant Forest'
To applause and loud music, "Ants in the Forest" project leader Xu Dui, and a user representative, Shen Junliang, stepped up to the podium to hand over the 2019 UN Champions of the Earth trophy from the host.
The Ant Forest program, which uses a small program on a cell phone to engage hundreds of millions of people in environmental action, was awarded the "Motivation and Action Award" at the 2019 Champions of the Earth Awards ceremony in New York City.
The United Nations Environment Programme announced the winners a week ago at its headquarters in the Kenyan capital, Nairobi, but there was still a lot of excitement among those who attended the ceremony.
"The Ant Forest is an exciting innovation that allows hundreds of millions of people to act to understand the environmental challenges that humanity faces and what humans can do for the environment," UNEP Executive Director Inger Andersen told Xinhua News Agency.
It uses technology to connect people and the environment, allowing every individual to participate in actions to protect the planet, which will have a huge impact.
Ant Forest was launched in August 2016 on the Alipay platform by China Ant Financial Services Group, where users "plant trees" in their mobile phones by recording their daily green trips, paying online for utilities and other low-carbon activities.
Each time a user builds a virtual tree, an "ant forest" and a pro bono partner plant a real tree in a desertified area.
As of August this year, 500 million "ant forest" users had accumulated carbon emissions of 7.92 million tons and planted 122 million trees in desertified areas.
Costa Rican President Carlos Alvarado praised the "Ant Forest" for its "impressive ability to inspire so many people to participate in green action".
Ant Gold's chairman and chief executive, Xian Dong, said the Earth Defender Award was a recognition of the Ant Forest project.
Technology and open platforms make it possible for everyone to participate in a low-carbon life, an honour that belongs to all participants.
He said the "ant forest", which aimed to engage 1 billion people around the world in low-carbon action, had affected 500 million people in the past three years.
While fighting desertification and protecting the environment, they are also exploring how to make farmers earn more from green mountains and rivers.
In addition to providing employment opportunities through planting trees, it is hoped to help farmers increase their incomes through agricultural product development projects, electronic business platforms, etc.
The ant Forest, a welfare model of environmental protection based on digital technology, has also been used by other countries.
In June, GCash, the Philippines "largest electronic wallet, launched the Philippine version of" Ant Forest, "encouraging Filipino users to better protect the environment through low-carbon living.
GCash, together with the Department of Environment and Natural Resources of the Philippines and environmental public interest groups, plans to plant 365,000 trees in the Philippines in the first year of the project, it said.
The Champions of the Earth Award is the highest award of the United Nations in the field of environmental protection and is awarded annually.
"Ant Forest" won the "Inspiration and Action Award" for the third consecutive year for green innovation projects from China, following the "Thousand Village Demonstration and Wancun Improvement Project" by builders of Sahanba Forest Farm in China and China's Zhejiang Province.
Economic and trade frictions affect the United States economy "report card."
The economy's "report card" for the second quarter of this year showed that gross domestic product growth slowed sharply from the previous quarter, driven by a sharp drop in private sector investment and exports.
Analysts pointed to economic and trade frictions and the resulting uncertainty as the main reasons for the second quarter's decline in private sector investment and exports.
The final revision, released by the Commerce Department on June 26, showed that US GDP grew at an annualized rate of 2% in the second quarter, about the same as the previous revision, but significantly lower than the 3.1% rate in the first quarter.
Consumption growth was the main factor supporting the US economy in the second quarter, the data showed.
Personal consumption spending, which accounts for about 70% of the US economy, grew by 4.6% in the quarter, boosting growth by 3.03 percentage points.
In addition, government consumer spending and investment led the economy by 0.82 percentage points.
However, private sector investment fell 6.3% in the second quarter from the previous quarter, dragging the economy up 1.16 percentage points in the current quarter, while exports fell 5.7% from the previous quarter, dragging the economy down 0.68 percentage points in the quarter.
Barry Knapp, managing partner at US-based Ironside Macroeconomic Consulting, said private sector investment had not only failed to keep up with last year's growth, but had fallen sharply, as trade frictions and rising uncertainty hit business confidence.
Mr Knapp believes that US corporate capital spending is expected to remain on the downside next year amid policy uncertainty.
Analysts believe that while consumption growth has been a strong support for the US economy in the second quarter, there is growing evidence that economic and trade frictions and the resulting uncertainty have dented consumer confidence and adversely affected the outlook for US consumer spending.
In a recent survey, 38 percent of consumers spontaneously mentioned the negative effects of tariffs on the U.S. economy, a year-and-a-half high, according to Richard Curtin, a professor of economics at the University of Michigan who led the survey.
For the future of the U. S. economy, analysts generally believe the U. S. economy will continue to slow down.
But some experts say both the U. S. industrial sector and financial markets will improve if economic and trade frictions are eased.
Kathleen Birch, global economist at the Economist, expects the downturn in the US economy to continue as it has so far this year, slowing at a slower pace than in the second quarter.
Mark Zandi, chief economist at Moody ’ s Analytics, predicts that the US economy will grow by 2.3% this year, assuming economic and trade frictions do not escalate further, and will slow further to 1.6% next year.
Ellen Hatzen, investment manager at Putnam Investments, said the biggest corporate concern at the moment is economic and trade disputes and the uncertainty they bring. If they are resolved, the uncertainty will be greatly reduced and the industry will perform much better than it is now.
'Economic and trade frictions are still the number one issue and the main cause of this year's volatility in U.S. capital markets, 'said Matt Mellor, equity strategist at Miller-Tabak Asset Management Inc.' Whether they can be properly resolved will be the key to influencing the direction of U.S. capital markets for the rest of the year.
Ningxia first couple joint parental leave of 10 days per year for parents of children aged 0 to 3 years
The protection of women's legitimate rights and interests embodies respect for and protection of human rights, and is an important symbol of social civilization and progress.
On September 27, at the 15th Session of the Standing Committee of the 12th National People's Congress of the Ningxia Hui Autonomous Region, the Regulations on the Protection of the Rights and Interests of Women in the Ningxia Hui Autonomous Region were adopted by a high vote.
This is the first local regulation on a comprehensive system of safeguarding the legal rights and interests of women to be formulated and enacted in Ningxia, and will be implemented on November 1, 2019.
It is understood that the Regulations were revised on the basis of the Measures for the Implementation of the Law of the People's Republic of China on the Protection of the Rights and Interests of Women in Ningxia in 2007, which is divided into 9 chapters and 65 articles, including general provisions, political rights, rights and interests in culture and education, rights and interests in labor and social security, rights and interests in property, personal rights, rights in marriage and family, legal responsibilities and supplementary regulations.
In the Regulations, Ningxia encouraged the exploration of the introduction of joint parental leave, which was the first of its kind in the country.
In April this year, the Guidance on Promoting the Development of Care Services for Children under the age of 3, issued by the General Office of the State Council, contained a description of joint child-rearing by couples.
In the course of revising the Regulations, Ningxia has innovatively put forward the idea of "encouraging employers to grant couples with children, in accordance with the provisions of laws and regulations, ten days of joint parental leave every year for the period of zero to three years."
At the same time, the Regulations highlight the fight against sexual harassment and the protection of female minors.
Article 43 of the Regulations, which incorporates the latest legislative developments in China's current Civil Code on personal rights, details the constitutive elements of sexual harassment and the main body and mechanism for combating sexual harassment.
Article 44 of the Ordinance explicitly prohibits the frequent sexual abuse of girls and requires educational institutions to carry out education, protection and prevention work, which is a new benchmark for the protection of girls in local legislation.
With regard to women's right to know and dispose of the joint property of marriage and family, article 35 of the Regulations clearly stipulates women's right to know about the joint property and the obligations of property registration agencies and related subjects, thus providing women with solid institutional support for safeguarding their rights.
Moreover, in response to the topical social issue of gender discrimination in employment, article 26 of the Ordinance prohibits not only direct but also indirect discrimination, and draws on recent experience in the practice of joint interviews to strengthen sanctions for gender discrimination violations and to defend women ’ s legitimate rights and interests more vigorously.
In recent years, the Ningxia Women's Federation's Joint Department of Public Prosecutor and Law, Civil Affairs and other departments have promoted and introduced social and professional forces to participate in the mediation of marital and family disputes and the work against domestic violence, with remarkable results.
This is summarized in the Regulations, which encourage the mobilization of social forces and the pooling of social resources for the protection of women's rights and interests, and require the people's governments at and above the county level to provide stable and institutional protection and support through, for example, the purchase of services.
Inner Mongolia Xing UNITA Academician Yuan Longping workstation salt and alkali paddy paddy per mu yield rice grain Qianjin
Reporter 27 from the Inner Mongolia Autonomous Region Xing UNITA Administrative Bureau has been informed that the "Xing UNITA Academician Yuan Longping Workstation Salt-tolerant Rice Site Inspection and Acceptance Council" on the good news, the average per-mu yield of saline-tolerant rice is over 1,000 kg.
A team of six experts from the Academy of Agricultural Sciences of Heilongjiang Province, Yangzhou University, and the Hunan Agricultural and Rural Department carried out the on-the-spot sampling and harvest of the "Xing Salt Series" rice.
After evaluation by experts, the average mu yield of saline-tolerant rice was 508.8 kg on land with a pH of 8.8 to 9.6 and a salinity of 5 to 6 pH, respectively.
Wang Shigang, executive director of Hing UNITA Academician Yuan Longping, said, "As a next step, on the basis of the tests this year, we will innovate and reform, saline-tolerant rice varieties will be re-bred and optimized for better quality and higher production.
Lai Yongcai, Vice President of Heilongjiang Academy of Agricultural Sciences, who headed the expert group, said, "On the premise that the factors of production will not change, I think that continuous strengthening of scientific and technological efforts to solve the problem, saline and alkaline rice will continue to produce miracles on the saline and alkaline land."
Xing UNITA belongs to the special hardship area of the southern foothills of the Daxing'an Mountains.
In October 2018, the work station of Academician Yuan Longping was unveiled by UNITA.
Prof. Yuan Longping led a team of experts to accelerate the introduction and popularization of newly bred hybrid saline-tolerant rice varieties and advanced technology, and to build a 960 mu saline-tolerant rice base in the middle banner of Horqin's right wing, using side experiment while popularizing the technology along the way to help the local poor increase production and raise incomes and lift themselves out of poverty.
This field test of salt-tolerant rice not only provides hope for upgrading the UNITA saline-alkali low- and medium-yield fields to the high- and medium-yield fields, but also provides a scientific basis for the cultivation of saline-alkaline rice under the same conditions in China.
After a marathon debate and weeks of protests, the new Australian state passed the abortion decriminalisation bill on September 26, local time, according to AusNet.
It is understood the bill has sparked political debate in the past eight weeks and there have been serious divisions within the Liberal Party since the introduction of the bill was announced by the independent MP for Greenwich.
After nearly 40 hours of debate, the Senate passed the bill by a vote of 26 to 14, making it the third longest-running bill in the Senate, the report said.
26 in the morning, after a final vote in the House of Representatives that legalized abortion in the new state.
The bill allows a woman to terminate a pregnancy at 22 weeks of pregnancy, and also allows a woman to have an abortion later in the pregnancy if two doctors agree.
The Senate on the 25th night passed an amendment allowing doctors to seek advice from a multidisciplinary panel of a hospital advisory committee before performing an abortion on a woman after the 22nd week of pregnancy.
In addition, amendments passed by the Senate also include a requirement that doctors provide appropriate care for babies who survive after termination of pregnancy.
Governor Berejiklian had previously faced public criticism from conservatives, and Berejiklian had stepped in several times to get more time for debate on the bill, but she did not appear for the final vote.
Berejiklian defended his absentee ballot, saying, "I need to take the time to run the entire new state."
Davis, the Liberal MP who is understood to have been the most vocal opponent of the abortion bill, has threatened to pull out of the new state government, saying the bill has caused a "government crisis".
But after that, Davis relented.
"The content of the amendment to the bill legalizing abortion, which was presented to the House on the morning of the 26th, actually provides additional safeguards for women, doctors," Davis said.
Meanwhile, new Australian National Party leader Barry Barilaro said he was proud to be a member of a government that decriminalised abortion.
"What we achieved last night is historic for the new state, which has decriminalised abortion, decriminalised abortion and does not treat women who have had an abortion as criminals," he said.
The three major projects of the Trinity Group are located in Zhuzhou.
With a total investment of 15 billion yuan, we will focus on the development of smart oil equipment and smart steel industry.
Today, the Zhuzhou Municipal People's Government and the Trinity Group held a project signing ceremony.
The company is investing 15 billion yuan to develop the smart steel industry in Zhuzhou, the Petroleum Intelligent Equipment and Regional Research and Development Center (the headquarters base), and the second-hand vehicle market for construction machinery, with a combined annual output value of over 200 billion yuan.
With a total investment of 10 billion yuan, Trinity Smart Iron and Steel Project will focus on the development of the largest steel and product trading center in the province and even in the central region, as well as the intelligent manufacturing and processing center of the Trinity Group's Metal Structures; the $5 billion Oil Smart Equipment and Regional Research and Development Center (the headquarters base) project will focus on the construction of oil intelligent equipment production base and the construction of a regional R & D center and headquarters base.
Meanwhile, the Group will build the second-hand car market for the engineering machinery at the Auto Park in Zhuzhou Hi-Tech Zone, and carry out practical cooperation in such areas as intelligent manufacturing.
Zhuzhou attaches great importance to the cooperation with Trinity Group.
The city listed the project as the city's "No. 1 project" to attract investment this year, under the leadership of the Communist Party Secretary Mao Tengfei and Mayor Yang Weiguo, the establishment of a special coordination group, efficient docking, high level, the development process to provide quality and efficient services, from the intention contact to the formal signing of the cooperation agreement, less than 100 days.
Finance Minister Liu Kun: 67 CCTV companies and financial institutions have transferred 860.1 billion yuan of state funds to enrich the social security fund.
So far, 67 central government enterprises and financial institutions have transferred part of the state capital, totaling about 8601 billion yuan, to supplement the social security fund, said Liu Kun, the finance minister, said Wednesday.
Liu Kun is by the Ministry of Finance, the Ministry of Human Resources and Social Security, the SASAC jointly convened on the same day to transfer part of state-owned capital to enrich the work of the Social Security Fund at the deployment meeting to make the above statement.
To transfer a part of the fund is an important measure to reform and improve the basic old-age insurance system, the full expression of the national sharing of the fruits of the development of state-owned enterprises and the fairness between generations in the basic old-age insurance system, as well as a policy measure based on the present and taking into consideration the long-term.
In 2017, the State Council issued the plan for the program of transferring part of the state capital to the Social Security Fund, requiring the selection of some central enterprises and some provinces to carry out the pilot project.
According to Liu Kun, the transfer of the previous work has achieved positive results.
At the central level, a total of 67 central enterprises and financial institutions have been transferred in three batches, with a total of about 8601 billion yuan of state-owned capital transferred.
Among them, the transfer of the central financial institutions in which the Ministry of Finance performs the functions of the investors has been basically completed.
The transfer of central enterprises already has a certain scale.
At the local level, the previous phase of the transfer of enterprises has been carried out one after another.
By the end of 2018, the pilot project had been basically completed in Zhejiang and Yunnan provinces, transferring the state capital of 15.8 billion yuan and 18.5 billion yuan, respectively.
In addition to the pilot provinces, other provinces have also carried out the preparatory work for the first phase of the transfer, laying the groundwork for the next phase of the transfer.
According to a circular issued recently by the Ministry of Finance, the Ministry of Human Resources and Social Security, the SASAC, the State Administration of Taxation, and the CSRC, the portion of state capital transferred by the central and local governments to strengthen the social security fund will be fully implemented by 2019, and will be completed by the end of the year 2020.
The meeting that took place on that day made concrete arrangements for the full roll-out of the transfer.
It was emphasized that the transfer should be completed in a pragmatic and efficient manner.
"According to the schedule, the transfer is to be substantially completed by the end of 2020.
Transfers to work time is tight, the task is heavy. "
'All regions and departments should carefully organize and make careful arrangements to ensure that the transfer work is completed as required, 'Mr. Liu said.
State transfers to strengthen the Social Security Fund – the "enrich the social security fund money bag" from the starting point, is intended to provide strong support for old-age security.
However, I believe that this is not a simple equity "physical displacement", but the opening of the "mathematical addition".
On September 20, the Ministry of Finance, the Ministry of Human Services, the SASASASAC, the State Administration of Taxation and the Securities Regulatory Commission jointly issued the "Notice Concerning the Comprehensive Stripping Out of the Transfer of Part of the State-owned Capital to Enhance the Work of the Social Security Fund", which specified the timetable for the transfer of State-owned capital to the Social Security Fund, i.e. the transfer of part of the State-owned capital between the central and local governments to enrich the work of the Social Security Fund in 2019.
After the document was published, the Ministry of Finance and other departments implemented it quickly.
On September 25, the Ministry of Finance transferred 10% of the shares of ICBC and the agricultural bank to the Social Security Fund, with the total value of the two transfers exceeding 115 billion yuan.
According to the regulation, the affiliated subjects, such as the social security foundation, as a financial investor, enjoy the right of profit, disposition and right to know.
ICBC, the Agricultural Bank in the notice said that this change in rights and interests will not lead to changes in the Bank's controlling shareholders and actual controllers.
In this respect, the author believes that similar transfer of equity of state-owned enterprises is not a simple change of ownership, but can stimulate a series of effects of the "addition operation."
The first step of transferring some of the state funds to social security is to "add law results", which can show that state-owned enterprises are owned by the whole people, and the fruits of development are shared by the whole nation.
After many years of reform and development, the state-owned enterprises, especially the central enterprises, are mostly in important industries and fields in our economy, and the overall profitability is strong and stable.
Among them, the leading enterprise is to continue to do good and to do strong.
On July 10, the executive meeting of the State Council decided that this year, the comprehensive push out of the transfer of part of the state-owned capital to enrich the work of the Social Security Fund.
The Ministry of Finance immediately said that it would, in conjunction with relevant departments, in accordance with the arrangements of the executive meeting of the State Council, do a good job of comprehensively pushing aside and transferring part of the state-owned capital to enrich the social security fund, fully reflecting the generational fairness of the basic old-age insurance system and the sharing of the fruits of the development of state-owned enterprises.
The second step of transfer "addition result" is to enhance the sustainability of China's social security fund and further strengthen the foundation of the old-age social security system.
With the aging of the population, China's social security funds are under pressure, and as the transfer of the main national capital, most of the sustainable profitability and dividend capacity, not only can effectively replenish the Social Security Fund, but also provide a source of funds for the social security funds.
Calculations show that for every 3.8 percentage points of state-owned capital transferred, the proportion of contributions to the basic old-age insurance of enterprises can be reduced by 1 percentage point.
The third step of the transfer, the "addition result," is to add stabilizers to the capital markets.
The main body of this transfer to gain the way is "dividends for the main, operation for the subsidiary."
As a financial investor of state-owned capital, the social security fund is really based on the return of equity dividends.
However, as a value investor in the capital market, the social security fund has strong capital operation ability.
For the listed assets in the state-owned capital, the participation of social security funds in the shareholding will further optimize the corporate governance structure of the listed enterprises, which will help to enhance the operation level of the enterprises and have a positive impact on the listed companies and the capital market.
At the same time, as a vane of investment, the increase of shareholding weights will further enhance its influence in the market, and act as a "stabilizer" in the market.
In addition, it is conducive to give full play to the "value discovery" function of institutional investors, guide investors rational investment, value investment.
Karl Hartmann was admitted to the Leipzig Conservatory of Music at the age of 18.
After the Nazis came to power, Hartmann resisted first in the form of works not published in Germany, and later even stopped writing.
In 1933, he wrote the symphony Miserae and dedicated the work to "my sleeping friends".
The symphony premiered in Prague in 1935, but was harassed by Nazi bureaucrats.
After that, Hartmann was determined not to play any of his own works under the Nazis.
Hartmann's funeral concerto was a violin and string concerto when the manuscript was stolen from Germany and premiered in Switzerland.
Listen to the funeral concerto by the Berne Chamber Orchestra at the Beethoven Music Festival in 2018.
U.S. Senate confirms Scalia as Labor Secretary - News
Washington, September 26 (Xinhua) -- The U.S. Senate on Tuesday voted to approve President Donald Trump's nomination of Eugene Scalia to be Labor Secretary.
The vote was 53 in favor and 44 against, with no Democrat voting for Scalia.
Republicans believe Scalia's résumé makes him well suited to serve as secretary of labor.
But in the eyes of Democrats, Scalia has long stood on the opposite side of workers and unions during his career as a lawyer.
Scalia will replace Alexander Acosta.
On charges of "leniency" for Jeffrey Epstein, an American billionaire accused of sexually assaulting and abducting young girls, Acosta, then labor minister, announced his resignation in July.
Scalia, 56, is a partner in a prominent U.S. law firm whose father is the late Antonin Scalia, a justice of the U.S. Supreme Court.
The Department of Labor is the United States federal government's cabinet-level department responsible for labour-related matters.
The White House also said in a statement that day that Trump had nominated Federal Emergency Management Agency Acting Administrator Peter Geithner to formally lead the agency.
According to the procedure, Geithner's nomination must be approved by the Senate of the National Assembly.
The Federal Emergency Management Agency (FEMA), which is part of the Department of Homeland Security, coordinates federal resources to deal with emergencies such as natural disasters and terrorist attacks in the United States.
Since the 35th anniversary of the National Day parade debut, every time the organization of a military parade, there will be a strategic missile force "Big Mac" phalanx.
"This National Day parade, from 'soldiers' to 'army' after the Rocket Army first appeared on Chang'an Street."
The head of the Command Group of the Rocket Army, Wang Bo Fang, said.
Three characteristics are present throughout the training parade, thus presenting a good image of the strategic military service, with a strong emphasis on the need to maintain a high level of discipline, discipline, and discipline.
In this military parade training, both generals and soldiers, are strict standards, forging a strong, forbidding style.
They also focus on the promotion of artisan spirit, grasp every detail of technical practice, perseverance, practice style, the formation of a "military posture, quick movement, answer," and other characteristics, constantly with a strict style to create a military missile phalanx, more attention to scientific and technological innovation.
Rocket Army as a high-tech strategic services, that science, technology and innovation is a good tradition and advantage.
On the basis of past experience, they have broken with the mindset and traditional methods, using advanced methods such as satellite positioning, laser ranging, high-definition imaging and real time velocity measurement to upgrade the training level and quality benefits, ensure accuracy in the combination of human vehicle and around the clock in the actions of troops and teams, and bring actual combat standards more in line with reality.
Rockets to read the armed forces to adhere to the military parade ground and the launch site and the same standard, higher requirements, and kept close to every gate, every detail, so that the armed forces to undergo the hardening and hammering, making the parade ground into a real training ground and testing ground for the improvement of the combat effectiveness of the armed forces.
Iran confirms development of advanced centrifuges, further suspends implementation of Iran nuclear deal
The United Nations' International Atomic Energy Agency said on Thursday that Iran had violated the Iran nuclear agreement by using advanced centrifuges to enrich uranium, according to a report by the Central News Agency.
Iran is reportedly gradually violating the limits of the Iran nuclear deal in response to US President Donald Trump ’ s withdrawal from the deal in May 2018, and to the renewal and tightening of sanctions against Iran.
Further moves have been made by Iran, which suspended two other commitments in July to keep its enriched uranium stocks below 300 kilograms and achieve a uranium purity of no more than 3.67 per cent.
Under the nuclear deal, Iran is allowed to place only about 5,000 first-generation IR-1 centrifuges to enrich uranium, and is allowed to use only a small number of more advanced models for research, but not to enrich uranium.
If Iran succeeds in developing more sophisticated centrifuges, it will be able to produce enriched uranium several times faster, possibly for use in nuclear bombs.
"On September 25, the Agency confirmed that Iran's research and development of advanced centrifuges for models 2 and 3... are accumulating or are ready to accumulate enriched uranium," the report said.
The UN's International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) presented the report to member states, and a diplomatic official responded: "They are busy at the (Natanz uranium enrichment) facility."
The Association of Korean Investors and Entrepreneurs was formally launched.
Chen Hailing, president of the Association of Investors and Entrepreneurs of Vietnam, said that VKBIA will work together to strengthen the relationship between Vietnam and South Korea.
The two countries aim to increase two-way trade to $100 billion by 2020.
Mr. Chen believed that the birth of the association would be an important step towards that goal.
He hoped that the Viet Nam Party, the Government and the relevant functional agencies of the Republic of Korea would provide assistance for the future operation of the Association.
The Deputy Ambassador of Vietnam to South Korea, Chen Changshui, said that VKBIA will create a good platform for entrepreneurs from the two countries to exchange and share experiences and ideas, aiming to expand the space for investment cooperation, make more effective contribution to Vietnam's economic development and integration into international economic cause, and promote the flourishing of trade relations between South Korea and Vietnam.
During the presentation ceremony, VKBIA representatives signed a cooperation agreement with representatives of the Viet Nam Farm and Agribusiness Association.
VKBIA coincides with the 10th anniversary of the establishment of the strategic partnership between the two countries and comes at a time when the two countries are strengthening their practical cooperation in the fields of foreign affairs, defense and security, promoting trade and investment cooperation with the aim of achieving a two-way trade volume of 100 billion U.S. dollars by 2020.
Italy's education minister has proposed a sugar tax to protect the health of the population.
Lorenzo Fioramonti, education minister in Italy's new cabinet and a member of the Five Star Movement, has introduced a motion to parliament proposing that the Italian government introduce a new tax on sugar-sweetened drinks, snacks and airline tickets.
It was reported that, under a bill proposed by the Minister of Education, Fioramonti, the Italian Government would impose a snack tax on unhealthy food, such as sugary drinks and snacks, as well as an environmental tax on airline tickets, which would be 1 euro for domestic flights and 1.5 euros for international classes.
Mr Fioramonti said the government expected to collect €3bn in taxes through what appeared to be a small set of tax measures.
The proceeds from the tax will be available for use in the areas of education, health and environmental protection.
In response, Italian Prime Minister Antonio Conte said he thought it was a viable solution, and Massimiliano Salvini, European MP and leader of the League party, tweeted sarcastically that everyone, please hide desserts, cookies, bread, and sweets, as the new government begins to impose a snack tax.
The report points out that the snack tax is a special tax on sugary drinks and high-calorie foods.
The imposition of such a tax would contribute to public health benefits.
On the evening of September 25, the Chinese Embassy in Canada hosted a reception in Ottawa to celebrate the 70th anniversary of the founding of the People's Republic of China.
The new Chinese Ambassador to Canada, Cong Peiwu, held a reception to celebrate the 70th anniversary of the founding of the People's Republic of China in Ottawa on September 25.
In his speech, Cong said that in the 70 years since the founding of New China and thanks to the firm leadership of the CPC and the joint efforts of the Chinese people, the cause of socialism with Chinese characteristics has made achievements that has attracted worldwide attention, and has not only profoundly changed the face of China, but also brought benefits to the Chinese people as well as a profound significance to the rest of the world.
Based on its own national conditions, China has blazed a road of socialism with Chinese characteristics, developed ways for developing countries to modernize, and contributed Chinese wisdom and Chinese plans to the solution of human problems.
The picture shows guests staying at the venue to see a photo exhibition on the theme of the 70th anniversary of New China, which was held simultaneously in the venue.
Cong said that China has created rare miracles in the history of human development in the world and made important contributions to promoting world peace and development.
China adheres to an independent and peaceful foreign policy, always advocates the basic norms of international relations with the Five Principles of Peaceful Coexistence at its core, and is a builder of world peace, a contributor to global development and a defender of the international order.
China's development has provided new opportunities for the development of countries around the world, including Canada, benefiting people from all over the world.
Cong stressed that the development of China-Canada relations over the past 50 years shows that only by adhering to the principles of equality and mutual respect can the two countries advance on the right track.
Otherwise, relations between the two countries would suffer, and the interests of both countries would suffer.
At present, China-Canada relations are encountering serious difficulties and the responsibility is not with China.
"To get rid of the bell must be tied to the bell man."
We hope that Ghana will soon come up with a proper solution to the outstanding issues in its bilateral relations, so as to create conditions for bilateral relations to get back on track.
Canadian government officials, federal senators, friendly people from all walks of life, ambassadors to Canada and representatives of overseas Chinese, Chinese-funded institutions and international students attended the reception.
Chen Ming-jian, Heng Hsiao-jun, and other diplomats from the Embassy of the People's Republic of China attended the reception.
The reception featured a photo exhibition on the 70th anniversary of the founding of New China, with promotional videos such as "China 2019" and "Beautiful China".
Chinese and Canadian artists and embassy diplomats performed a variety of artistic and artistic programmes.
It was also the first time that Cong, the 16th Chinese ambassador to Canada, had appeared at a public event.
Cong arrived in Canada on 22 September and delivered a copy of his letter of credentials to Charles Wheeler, the chief protocol Secretary of the Canadian Ministry of Foreign Affairs, in Ottawa the following day.
Born in May 1967, he graduated from the Diplomatic Academy.
He was resident at the Chinese Embassy in Canada at the beginning of this century.
Prior to this assignment, he served as the head of the North American and Oceania Department of the Chinese Ministry of Foreign Affairs, before serving as Minister Counsellor and Minister at the Chinese Embassy in the United Kingdom.
Hanoi, Vietnam strives to expand cooperative ties with Laotian places
Mr. Nguyen Thu Chung reviewed the meaningful exchange of delegations between the two sides and confirmed that these activities had helped to foster the special and friendly relations between the two countries that President Ho Chi Minh and President Kishan Fenghuihan were looking forward to.
Mr. Nguyen Thu Trong expressed the hope that Ambassador Thongsavan would continue to serve as a bridge and a link for the friendly relations between Hanoi and the rest of the Lao People's Democratic Republic, including Vientiane.
Ambassador Tongsavan said that Laos had learned from many of Viet Nam's successful experiences and had been impressed by the breakthrough developments in Hanoi and even Viet Nam in recent years.
Ambassador Thongsavan expressed his gratitude to the Hanoi City Government for its continuous support and assistance to the activities of the Lao Embassy in Viet Nam, and expressed confidence that the older relations would continue to develop well despite the volatility of the global situation.
Mr Nguyen is expected to lead a Hanoi City working delegation to Vientiane, the capital of Laos, in early 2020.
Starting in 2020, the city of Hanoi will offer a number of scholarships to Laotian students studying at institutions of higher learning in Hanoi.
The Chinese Embassy in Indonesia and the Chinese Mission to ASEAN hosted a reception to mark the 70th anniversary of the founding of the People's Republic of China.
In the evening, the Chinese Embassy in Indonesia and the Chinese Mission to ASEAN hosted a reception to celebrate the 70th anniversary of the founding of the People's Republic of China in Jakarta.
Indonesian Trade Minister Luquita, Minister of Land and Spatial Planning Sofian, ASEAN Deputy Secretary-General Kang Kangfuli attended the reception.
Indonesian friends from all walks of life, representatives of foreign missions in Indonesia, ASEAN missions and international organizations in Indonesia, representatives of overseas Chinese, Chinese institutions and international students, and “I and China ” -themed children ’ s painting, participated in the reception, which was attended by more than 1,000 people.
The Chinese Ambassador to Indonesia Xiao Qian and the Ambassador to ASEAN Huangxi Lian warmly welcomed the guests.
Xiao, speaking on behalf of the Chinese Embassy in Indonesia and the Chinese Mission to ASEAN, said that the birth of New China in 1949 ushered in a new era in Chinese history.
The Chinese nation has made a historic leap from being isolated and backward to being open to the outside world, from being short of food and clothing to being well off in all respects, from being poor and weak to being prosperous and strong.
Xiao said China-Indonesia relations have made great progress in recent years with increasing political mutual trust between the two countries, pragmatic cooperation, comprehensive expansion of exchanges in all fields, and stabilization of the comprehensive strategic partnership between China and Indonesia.
The China-ASEAN relationship has been upgrading China-ASEAN relations, and has always adhered to mutual respect, understanding, trust and support, effectively promoting regional peace, stability and prosperity.
Xiao Qian said that the fundamental reason for the development and change of New China in the past 70 years is that the Chinese people have pioneered and developed socialism with Chinese characteristics under the leadership of the Communist Party of China (CPC).
This path is in line with the times, conforms to China's national conditions, profoundly changes the destiny of the Chinese people and the Chinese nation, and also makes a major contribution to the peaceful development of the world and the region.
The picture invites all guests to stop to see the exhibition on the theme of "Celebrating the 70th Anniversary of the Founding of the People's Republic of China".
Xiao said that China and Indonesia, together with ASEAN, will always work together to build a new type of international relations, promote the building of a community of human destiny, and make a new and greater contribution to bilateral relations, to the region and to the world.
All the guests watched a brilliant video reviewing the achievements of New China over the past 70 years and reflecting China-Indonesia and China-ASEAN relations.
The videos, which are divided into three parts: “Brilliant Development Achievements, ”“ “Stability and Future of Sino-Indonesian Relations, ” and“ Upgrading the Quality of China-ASEAN Relations, ” drew warm applause from the audience.
The event also featured the theme "Celebrating the 70th anniversary of the founding of the People's Republic of China", which attracted visitors to the event.
Baidu's first fleet of self-driving taxis to begin trial operation
Yesterday, Baidu announced in Changsha that the pilot operation of Robotaxi, a fleet of self-driving taxis, had officially opened.
The first fleet of 45 Apollo vehicles, jointly developed with FAW Red Flag, "Red Flag EV" Robotaxi, has opened a test section in Changsha for trial operation.
From now on, ordinary residents of Changsha can apply to be a seed user on Apollo's website and have the opportunity to try out the experience.
One experiential passenger said that he sat in the back of the vehicle and clicked on the front screen of the passenger seat, which opens the vehicle's self-driving journey at the touch of a button.
In the car, for the safety of passengers and for the requirements of current policies and regulations, test operation of the vehicle with a security officer in the driving seat to maximize passenger safety.
During the driving process, the vehicle can make intelligent change according to the road conditions, can also judge the driving conditions of the surrounding vehicles, to make automatic avoidance of the situation such as close overtaking cars, etc.
Throughout the experience, the passenger area screens show pedestrians, cars, and even some of the traditional blind spots on the road in real time.
Even if the vehicle block, you can see ahead of the traffic light changes and waiting time information, all the road conditions at a glance.
The drone had been heard of on TV before, thinking it was far away, but it's amazing to find it in our lives today.
We look forward to its future in the life of the people.
In June 2019, Apollo received 45 manned test license plates from the Changsha Municipal Government.
At present, the automatic driving test open road in Changsha, through the sections of the Changsha Artificial Intelligence Technology City, Mei Xi Lake, Yang Lake, Dawangshan, high-tech zone, etc., 135 km long, the demonstration area of 70 square kilometers, is the longest and largest road mileage in China, covering the most complex scene, the most advanced intelligent driving demonstration area of the vehicle road collaborative infrastructure.
The trial operation of Apollo Robotaxi's fleet in Changsha by the end of 2019 is expected to cover about 50 km, and the first half of 2020 is scheduled to cover 135 km of roads currently open in Changsha.
Women's volleyball win Lang Ping still has dissatisfaction: It will be hard to beat a strong team to make so many miss
The Chinese women's volleyball team hosted the ninth match of the 2019 Women's Volleyball World Cup in the afternoon, beating the Dutch women's volleyball team 3 – 1 to win the Women's Volleyball World Cup.
But after the game, coach Lang Ping still expressed his dissatisfaction with the team's performance in the third game.
"In the third set, we were more aggressive on the serve, we were not able to hit the ball, we made a lot of mistakes," he said.
"It's hard to play against a strong team and make so many mistakes."
Lang Ping said in an interview after the game.
"We told the players to be focused, a pass is not right, we have to get the adjustment, and we have to play defense with each other," he said.
Lang Ping also commented on Chang Chang-ning's performance, saying that she encountered some difficulties in the attack, more anxious, too want to kill the ball, the movement will be deformed.
Let's hope she is patient and "we all give her protection."
China's development is an opportunity, not a threat or a challenge, to the world.
White Paper: China's development is an opportunity, not a threat or a challenge to the world.
The white paper says China's development is an opportunity, not a threat or a challenge to the world.
'With the rapid growth of China's overall national strength and international influence, there is some international concern that China will follow the 'strong-bar' path, and some have put forward the theory of so-called 'China threat', 'the white paper says.
This is a combination of cognitive misunderstandings, deep-rooted biases, psychological imbalances brought about by power deceleration, and deliberate distortions to defend one ’ s own vested interests.
It is not only the dream of the Chinese people but also the common dream of people of all countries to realize the prosperity of the country, the rejuvenation of the nation and the happiness of the people.
"China's development is an opportunity, not a threat or a challenge to the world," he said.
The white paper states that China is the main stabilizer and power source of world economic growth, that China is the largest contributor to world economic growth, that China's scientific and technological innovation has injected new momentum into world economic growth, and that the role of the stabilizer and power source of China's economy will become more prominent in the future.
At present, the momentum of economic growth in the world is not enough, and a sound Chinese economy is becoming more and more important to the world.
China's economy is turning from rapid growth to high-quality development.New forms of industrialization, informationization, urbanization, and agricultural modernization are being advanced at an accelerated pace, economic structure has been deeply adjusted, industrial optimization has been continuously upgraded, and new economic growth areas have emerged.
“According to the McKinsey Global Institute study, by 2040, the integration of China and the rest of the world ’ s economies is expected to create between $22 trillion and $37 trillion in economic value, equivalent to 15-26% of the global economy, and greater cooperation between the rest of the world and China will create significant economic value. ”
The white paper stresses that the Chinese economy and the world economy have undergone structural changes and are deeply integrated.
A China with a more stable economic performance, higher quality of growth and predictable growth prospects is a long-term positive for the world economy.
Viewing China's economic development as a "threat" and a "challenge" and trying to push China out of the global industrial chain, supply chain and value chain so as to "decouple" China from the world economy is both unworkable and harmful.
The white paper says opening up to the outside world in all aspects will create more opportunities for countries to share in the "China dividend".
China will unswervingly pursue a win-win strategy of opening-up, achieve greater intensity and achieve a higher level of opening-up, have the most potential consumer market in the world, be the most attractive destination for investment, and benefit more countries on a larger scale.
"Openness should be two-way, mutually beneficial, not one-way, one-side beneficial," he said.
Mutual benefit and mutual benefit make it long lasting. ”
The white paper says China is committed to continued expansion of imports, greater market access, better business environment and stronger protection of intellectual property rights, and that other countries should open up and take corresponding measures to improve their business environment.
Only when all sides work side by side can we create an environment of open, inclusive, inclusive, balanced and win-win development, so that the "cake" of development will grow bigger and bigger together, forming a community of interests for mutual benefit and win-win progress.
The white paper says China is providing more public goods to the international community.
This includes promoting high-quality joint building of the "One Belt, One Road", setting up platforms for multilateral dialogue and cooperation, actively participating in international and regional affairs, and actively engaging in foreign assistance.
"China benefits from the international community in its development and always keeps in mind to give back to the international community and provide it with more and better public goods," he said.
Andrei Slepniov, the general manager of the Russian export center, told Xinhua in a written interview that Russia is ready to strengthen economic and trade cooperation with China, further optimize export structure, and promote diversified Russian exports to China.
He pointed out that forestry, machinery manufacturing and chemical industry account for a large proportion of Russia's exports to China, while the export of agricultural products is also very important, including both oil and fat products, meat products and dairy products, as well as cereals, fish and seafood.
In recent years, Russian exports of non-raw materials and non-energy products to China have also shown good and stable development.
Talking about optimizing Russia's export structure to China, Mr Slipniov said Russia had set the task of expanding the export of high-tech products to meet the import demand of countries and regions in the world, including China.
Russia will then improve financial and non-financial support measures to promote further growth in the number of high-tech enterprises.
He said Russia is willing to export construction technology and hi-tech building materials to China and develop cooperation with China in the fields of medicine and aviation manufacturing.
Russia and China also have great potential for cooperation in the field of urban environmental development.
He stressed that Russian products in many areas "have an advantage in quality and are competitive in price" compared with similar Western products.
Referring to the two countries' goal of achieving a $200 billion bilateral trade volume by 2024, Slepniov said areas such as agriculture, machinery manufacturing, chemical industry and forestry will play an important role in achieving this goal.
The Russian side is interested in diversifying supply in these areas and promoting the export of highly processed products.
He stressed that Russia intended to push its exporters into the global value added chain, with China as one of the directions of development.
Russian manufacturers in the fields of agriculture, metallurgy, oil and gas, and chemicals are well placed to participate in this process.
At present, the two countries need to continue to deepen cooperation between enterprises and "set up more Russian-Chinese joint ventures to jointly develop exports to third countries."
The Russian export center is supporting the export of Russian products to China through various measures and services provided by the Russian Export Credit and Investment Insurance Agency and the Russian Export-Import Bank, he said.
At the same time, the Russian export center will continue to deepen cooperation with relevant Chinese departments to promote easier access of Russian goods to the Chinese market and develop new categories of export products to China.
There has been a marked growth in the use of renminbi by financial institutions around the world for payments.
The latest "Special Issue on Renminbi Tracking," released by SWIFT in London on 26 July, shows a clear upward trend in the increasing trend of global financial institutions using renminbi to make payments from July 2017 to July 2019.
At SWIFT ’ s 2019 London annual meeting, the institution ’ s “Renminbi Tracking Special Issue, ” entitled“ Insight into the renminbi from a London Perspective, ” showed that, from July 2017, the number of financial institutions using renminbi increased by 11.31%, from 1,989 to 2,214.
Of these, Africa and the Middle East saw the largest increase in the number of financial institutions using renminbi, from 143 in July 2017 to 173 in July 2019, an increase of 20.98%.
The report shows that, as of August 2019, the renminbi ’ s share of global payment currencies was 2.22%.
London, meanwhile, plays a leading role in the offshore foreign exchange trading of the renminbi.
According to the report, in July 2019, London had the world ’ s largest share of the renminbi ’ s offshore foreign-exchange transactions, at 33.79%.
London is firmly in first place in global foreign exchange trading, the report said.
In July 2019, London ’ s share of global foreign-exchange transactions was 40.14%, the US 12.93%, and France 7.67%.
Foreign Ministry responds to Taiwan's so-called "diplomatic breakthrough": Sneaking away at its own dignity
"This small act is disgraceful and funny," Chinese Foreign Ministry spokesman Geng Shuang said in remarks made at a regular press conference yesterday when Taiwan officials entered the United Nations headquarters to attend a meeting on religious issues.
The Taipei office in New York has entered the United Nations headquarters to attend a meeting on religious issues held in the United States, which it described as a "diplomatic breakthrough," Taiwanese media reported.
The meeting you mentioned was a side event held by the United States on United Nations premises, not a United Nations meeting at all.
Geng Shuang said that the Taiwanese personnel in a surreptitious manner into the United Nations, degrading, also rendered it as a so-called "diplomatic breakthrough", such a small action is disgraceful, and generous.
He noted that the United Nations has reiterated on many occasions that it is committed to dealing with the Taiwan issue in accordance with GA Resolution 2758, and that the vast number of UN Member States also adhere to the one-China principle.
"Hohhot Accelerates Upgrading of Dairy Industry Structure".
Hohhot, September 27 (Xinhua) -- Journalists from the city government of Hohhot, Inner Mongolia Autonomous Region learned that the city of Hohhot accelerated the upgrading of the dairy industry structure, Yili and Mengniu ranks among the top ten global dairy enterprises, accelerated the implementation of a number of projects such as the Yili Healthy Food Industrial Park, Mengniu China Dairy Industry Park, and made every effort to create "China's milk upgrade".
Dairy industry is a traditional dominant industry in Hohhot, which has witnessed the rapid expansion of the scale of dairy industry and the increase of large-scale breeding rate, relying on its unique resource endowment, industrial foundation and policy support.
By 2018, the city's dairy farming rate had reached over 98%, with 85% of farmers entering the industrial chain, and the total sales revenue of the Erie and Mengniu enterprises was close to 150 billion yuan.
To further strengthen the dairy industry, the city of Hohhot issued the Opinions on the Upgrading of the Milk Industry in China and the Three-Year Action Plan to Advance the Upgrading of the Milk Industry (2018-2020), which focuses on the realization of the goal of taking the lead in the development of the dairy industry 4.0, which includes the construction of a high-quality milk source base, the linking of interests of agricultural enterprises, the nurturing of multi-billion-dollar leading enterprises, the development of a distinctive cluster of small and medium-sized enterprises, and the internationalization of the dairy industry.
Feng Yuzhen, mayor of Hohhot, said the city would speed up the landing of two major 100-billion-yuan investment projects, the Yili Healthy Food Industrial Park and the Mengniu China Dairy Industry Park, as well as the construction of the National Dairy Technology Innovation Centre, to continuously enhance the core competitiveness of the national dairy industry.
5 bp increase in the central exchange rate against the US dollar on September 27
With exchange rate fluctuation of + / - 3%, banks today have a ceiling of 23854 guilders to the dollar and a floor of 22465 guilders to the dollar.
The bank's RMB purchase price and selling bids were at 3211 Rp and 3295 Rp, respectively, down 1 Rp respectively from the previous trading day.
Techcombank set the purchase price for the U.S. dollar at 23,131 dong and the selling price at 23,271 dong, down 2 dong from the previous trading day, respectively.
The bank's RMB purchase price and selling bids were at Rp 3,193 and Rp 3,326, respectively, which decreased by 1 and 2, respectively, from the previous trading day, respectively.
"Good Chinese Story" database to show the world the true three-dimensional comprehensive China
With the aim of "telling good Chinese stories and spreading good Chinese voices," the database of "China Good Stories", an innovative and basic platform for outreach work, was launched today to show the real, three-dimensional and comprehensive China to the rest of the world.
The "Good China Story" database (www.chinastory.cn) is hosted by Xinhua News Agency and hosted by Xinhua China Search.
This was the scene of the September 27 shooting "America and US and co-" China Good Story "database launch".
On the same day, with the aim of "telling good Chinese stories and spreading good Chinese Voice" as an innovative and basic platform, the "China Good Stories" database was launched to show the real, three-dimensional and comprehensive China to the rest of the world.
Open the "Good Chinese Story" database, an artistic picture of water and ink map slowly rolled out, for the reader to open through time and space, a new and enduring repository of Chinese stories.
The database contains more than 60,000 remarkable stories, ranging from the traditional stories of "" return to the country with great loyalty "to" Myself. "Thousands of China's good stories become the vivid vectors of the expression of" Chinese spirit "," Chinese wisdom "and" Chinese power ".
The story library brings together five broad categories of thematic stories in the "1 + 4" category.
The "Learn" section focuses on the stories of Xi Jinping, the stories told by Xi, the stories of Xi's classics, and stories about the figures of Xi Jinping's praise, and provides a rich and convenient online platform for readers to learn the truth of the governance behind the artistic and body understanding stories told by Xi Jinping; "Governance of China" "Fighting the Round Dream," "Chinese Culture," "Cooperation and Winning" and other four categories of stories closely revolve around the story of the governance of the Communist Party of China, the story of the Chinese people's struggle to realize their dreams, the story of a profound and profound Chinese culture and the story of China's adherence to peaceful development and cooperation.
The reporter learned from today's "United States and - - 'China Good Story' database" online conference "," China Good Story "database has set up a Chinese-English website and mobile phone clients.
The website is comprehensive in content, rich in functions, stylish in design, and full of brilliant stories in the media.
The mobile client highlights AI voice capabilities, adapts to mobile communication trends, and provides the user with a portable "China Good Story" player.
To facilitate inquire and use, the database makes full use of the advantages of intelligent search technology, and provides search by time, map, character and tag searches and other forms of rich search functions, which are convenient, fast and easy to use.
The "China Good Story" database has also set up an open platform dedicated to the content, and has already opened the "story number" for the SASAC and more than a dozen other initial units.
Demonstrations as president steps down in Egypt as authorities show strong crackdown
The Twitter-themed hashtag and social media are pushing hard for Egyptians to take to the streets today and peacefully call for President Abdel Fattah el-Sisi to step down.
But the authorities have made clear their intention to use force to suppress it.
Ever since el-Sissi, the military chief at the time, seized power in a military coup in 2013, expression of dissent has virtually disappeared in Egypt, and any form of protest would be extremely dangerous.
The Egyptian Center for Economic and Social Rights, a Cairo NGO, says more than 1,900 people have been arrested since the weekend's rare outburst of protests calling for el-Sissi to step down, the Guardian reported.
Allegations of corruption surrounding Sisi and his family's lavish spending of public money in pursuit of vanity caused thousands of people to take to the streets in protest on the 20th.
The Egyptian Ministry of the Interior stood firm yesterday and said it would take a decisive stand against any attempt to destabilize the country.
The center of Cairo has long been heavily guarded, with riot police, security agency vehicles, and plain-clothes police on the streets surrounding Tahrir Square, the site of the 2011 Egyptian revolution.
Al Jazeera reported that security forces detained a number of prominent scholars and social leaders, including Nafa, a professor of political science at Cairo University and a prominent columnist.
He tweeted on the 24th: "There is no doubt in my mind that the continuation of Selasi's absolute rule will cause disaster."
"It is in Egypt's interest that he step down immediately."
Prior to Nafa's arrest, Hosny, a former Egyptian military chief of staff, had been detained.
Anan was arrested last year after trying to contest the presidency with Sisi.
The chairman of the Constitution Party, Dawud, was also taken into custody.
Analysts and politicians argue that, at a time of increasing economic hardship for the poor and the middle class, the sweep of dissidents reflects the instability and fragility of the Government.
Opposition leader Ayman Nour, a former presidential candidate, said: “The capture highlights the regime ’ s disregard for the Egyptian people, and how fearful it is of itself. ”
"Because the economy has been in such a mess by him, coupled with widespread political repression, Sessi is trying to send a clear message to the key generals and politicians who might replace him."
Knoll said the government's heavy-handed approach would only increase anger in the face of a worsening socio-economic situation.
Now that the fear barrier had been breached, he expected more people to take to the streets.
Ali, a businessman and actor in exile in Spain and a former construction contractor for the Egyptian military, started posting a series of videos earlier this month in which he profited from government corruption, setting off a wave of small demonstrations in various cities over the weekend.
Ali said his company, Amrak, could get lucrative contracts without having to go through a legal tender process, stressing the corruption of the military and Sisi's relatives, including the first lady, Intisar Amer al-Sisi.
He was deeply remorseful that he had been involved.
Ali claimed that the grandeur of the palaces and luxury hotels he helped Sesigai was in stark contrast to the abject poverty in which Egyptians now live, and for which they had not yet paid.
On Twitter, hashtags such as "Stand Up You're Not Alone", "Ceci You're Failed", "Ceci Get Out", and "Next Friday" have attracted tens of thousands of tweets and retweets calling for people to peacefully take to the streets to demand Ceci's removal.
Hollywood Egyptian actor Almaawik has nearly seven million followers on Twitter.
He tweeted in Arabic yesterday: "Selasi is doomed... he is finished. The people who support him are going to make a big mistake now."
Hong Kong Government launches free special training scheme to help recently affected employees to tide over difficulties
The Government of the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region announced on the 27th that it will introduce a free special training scheme for employees who have recently been affected by the financial situation. Eligible trainees will be entitled to a maximum of HK $4,000 per month upon completion of the programme.
Many boutiques in Hong Kong's Tsim Sha Tsui Harbour have few customers.
As a result of the recent social strife in Hong Kong, there has been a sharp drop in the number of visitors to Hong Kong recently, affecting not only the travel industry, but also the hotel, catering and retail industries.
The Secretary for Labour and Welfare, Mr Alan Lo, and the Secretary for Commerce and Economic Development, Mr Edward Yau, met with the media on the commissioning of a special training programme for the Employees Retraining Board (ERB) and measures to support the travel industry.
Mr Lo described the challenges facing Hong Kong's economy as imminent and should not wait until the situation was calm.
Therefore, the HKSAR Government has launched a free training programme entitled "Special? Love Value Added".
People who have lost their jobs or been asked to take unpaid leave by their employers since June 1 will be given the opportunity to participate in the scheme as long as they meet the relevant requirements, the spokesman said.
The most important part of the programme is the training of "vocational skills" covering 19 industries, including tourism, retail and catering. There will also be some new courses on "Innovation and Technology" as well as cross-industry "General Skills" courses.
Mr Yu Pengchun, Chairman of the Employees Retraining Board, said that all course fees were free and the scheme was expected to support about 10,000 people in need.
Participants are entitled to a special allowance of up to HK $4,000 per month for each full-time or part-time course in which 80% of the participants attend.
According to the report, the training course lasts two to three months and is offered by about 50 training institutions. It can be read daily from October 3 to March 31 next year, with a maximum of four courses per person.
The HKSAR Government has also announced a series of measures to support the tourism industry to overcome the difficulties.
These include relaxing the grant to the Travel Industry Council, subsidising 6,000 tour guides to renew their applications for courses, and waiving the annual fees for travel agents.
Sports exhausting and exhausting?
A study of athletes showed that after high-intensity exercise, the brain also show signs of fatigue, the Russian Sputnik news network reported.
In the study, led by Mathias Pessquirion, an expert at the Pitier-Salpetrier Hospital in France, there is no clear link between mental and physical labor: Both require cognitive control of activity.
"You need to be in control of the autonomous process that forces you to stop when you have pain in your muscles and joints," Percignon explains.
The study was launched by the French National Institute of Sport (INSEP).
The school expert is responsible for guiding the athletes in preparing for the Olympic Games.
Some athletes have begun to suffer from overtraining syndrome, which is an irrepressible feeling of fatigue after heavy exercise, with no recovery and declining performance.
INSEP poses a question: Could part of the cause of the condition be nerve fatigue, the kind caused by excessive mental effort?
The study was published in the journal Current Biology.
A special exhibition planned by the Ministry of Culture and Tourism and the China Art Gallery to celebrate the 70th anniversary of the founding of the People's Republic of China has finally been unveiled.
Xu Beihong's "Running Horse", Qi Baishi's "Peace Over the Years", Li Keyan's "Every Country and Everywhere, Jin Sheng-yun's Tajik Bride, Luo's Father, Liu's Son and Sun of the Four Generations, a collection of more than 480 fine works, bringing together the classical collections of more than 20 important art galleries in China, including almost all the classic works since the founding of the New China.
This fine arts exhibition celebrating the 70th anniversary of the founding of the People's Republic of China showcases, in a rich and multi-dimensional way, the great course and achievements of the 70 years since the founding of the People's Republic of China, and demonstrates the untiring determination of the Chinese people and their great spirit of unceasing self-improvement.
The exhibition is divided into a prologue and four chapters.
It is a collection of famous works, showcasing more than 480 works of art, including Chinese painting, oil painting, printmaking, sculpture, watercolor water powder, New Year painting, propaganda painting, etc., with the collection of classic works of the China Art Museum, bringing together the classic collections of more than 20 important academic institutions and art museums in the country.
In addition, for the first time, the Ministry of Culture and Tourism organized and implemented the "National Theme Art Creation", which has just completed more than 130 new realistic works of art.
To present the exhibition, the Chinese Museum of Art used all of its exhibition spaces for the first time, except for the three floors of the museum, where the outdoor courtyard space was also made into a sculpture exhibition area and corresponding internal and external spaces through the exhibition design.
It is understood the exhibition will be on display until November 2.
The museum was closed to the public from September 28 to October 1, 2008, in accordance with a unified programme of activities in Beijing to celebrate the 70th anniversary of the founding of New China.
This year's theme is "Tourism and Work: Building a Better Future for All", and MGTO has organized a series, including a reception for lucky visitors and a traditional pallets competition, to celebrate with residents and visitors.
On the same day, a special dinner was held to promote exchanges with the tourism industry, John Tam, the Secretary for Social Affairs and Culture, participated in this global tourism event, to promote the sustainable development of the tourism industry of Macau.
The Director of MGTO, Ms Meng Yi-hwa, Deputy Director General, Mr Hui Yao-ming, and their related supervisors arrived at Macau International Airport on that day to present souvenirs to the lucky visitors on World Tourism Day.
Mr. Wiposiri and his family from Thailand were among the lucky visitors this year, saying that they visit Macau about four to five times a year and that Macau is a destination for a family to visit, enjoying fine food and visiting the city on weekends.
Mac Mac, the Macau tourism mascot, is also on hand to welcome visitors, and the Visitors' Enquiry Counter of MGTO also arranges for gifts of souvenirs to be given to visitors throughout the day.
The traditional tray competition was held on the afternoon of the same day, with close to 180 participants representing more than 29 hotels and restaurants in Macau. This year marks the 20th anniversary of the establishment of the Macao Special Administrative Region.
Some of the contestants also wore distinctive costumes that matched the theme of the return.
Each entrant carries a tray carrying a bottle of "Macau Beer" through the streets of the "Historic City of Macau" to the fastest speed of the beer safely to finish in front of the pavilion, the process of intense stimulation, along the way to attract a large number of tourists stop to photograph or even encourage the participants, showing Macau's tourism charm.
The men's winner was Warren Obejas Cabada of the Center of Sands City, Macau; the women's winner was Ye Xiaojing of Jia Jing Group; and the most specially dressed winners were Oo Yuanming of Jia Jing Group and Cui Zhihong of Jinlong Hotel respectively.
In the evening, MGTO invited hundreds of representatives from relevant departments, the industry and the media to attend the World Tourism Day Celebration Dinner.
However, in the face of changing external environmental factors, Mr Tam encouraged the industry to move forward with innovative thinking, build on its success, adjust its strategy and devise new tourism products and promotional models to expand the market, and encourage the industry to continue to support the promotion of a vibrant and sustainable tourism industry in Macao.
With the theme of "Celebrating the 20th Anniversary of the Establishment of the Macao Special Administrative Region", it was arranged for the original local comeback song "Lotus for One" to be performed by Macao singers, and a number of performances by six major tourism companies were presented to showcase the diversity of Macau's tourism and leisure elements and the versatility of its tourism practitioners.
Since 1980, the World Tourism Organization has designated September 27 as World Tourism Day, in order to promote international awareness of the importance of tourism, especially its social, cultural, political and economic values.
Central bank to launch 30 billion yuan reverse repo operation
Xinhua News Agency, Beijing, Sept. 27 (Zhang Qianqian, Wu Yu) The People's Bank of China (PBOC) launched a 30 billion yuan reverse repo operation by way of interest rate tender.
As a result of the 40 billion yuan reverse buyback due on the same day, the People's Bank of China reversed the repurchase operation to the value of 10 billion yuan.
The central bank announced that it would launch a 30 billion yuan reverse repo operation on the same day, with a duration of 14 days and a winning interest rate of 2.7%.
This is the seventh consecutive working day of the central bank to carry out a 14-day period of reverse repo operations.
The overnight rate was 1.313%, down 32.4 basis points from the previous trading day; the seven-day rate was 2.59%, up 1.3 basis points from the previous trading day; the 14-day rate was 2.95%, down 1.7 basis points from the previous trading day; and the one-year rate was 3.048%, on par with the previous trading day.
Let Chinese Citizens Go Out to Be More Reliable--Visit Cui Aimin, Director General of Consular Department of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs
Wherever you go, the motherland is behind you.
25, the first Ministry of Foreign Affairs consular protection public interest video on the line, the end of the sentence, the resonance of the majority of netizens.
Cui Aimin, director general of the Consular Department of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs, told Xinhua that the video aims to further make people feel the feelings and temperature of “diplomacy for the people ” and to make Chinese citizens feel that Chinese diplomats will lend them a helping hand, strength and hope, no matter where they are in the world.
There is no small matter of peace abroad, a leaf is always of interest.
Mr Cui said the number of Chinese citizens "going out" had increased dramatically over the past 70 years, from less than one million a year before the policy of reform and opening to the outside world, to now hundreds of millions of times a year, while at the same time the safety of Chinese citizens travelling abroad was more guaranteed and consular protection and assistance extended from overseas Chinese to groups such as overseas Chinese, tourists, international students and workers.
According to statistics, since the 18th CPC National Congress, we have organized and carried out more than 10 major operations to evacuate or transfer Chinese citizens abroad, and safely evacuated more than 40,000 Chinese citizens from dangerous and volatile areas.
It received and coordinated the handling of some half a million requests for assistance, involving nearly one million Chinese citizens.
In times of peril, the motherland can take you home; and it is no longer a dream to have a "stay-away trip."
By the end of August, China had concluded visa-free agreements with 14 countries covering people with ordinary passports, Cui said.
In addition, a growing number of countries are unilaterally granting Chinese citizens visa-free or visa-on-arrival facilities.
Forty-two countries, including Thailand and Egypt, have issued landing visas to Chinese citizens with ordinary passports, while 15 countries, including Indonesia, have unilaterally allowed Chinese citizens with ordinary passports to enter the country without a visa.
In addition to visa exemption and landing visa arrangements, visa applications by Chinese citizens are becoming more convenient and the procedures are becoming simpler and easier.
By the end of August, China had concluded agreements or arrangements with 41 countries to simplify visa procedures.
These include entering into multiple visa arrangements with the United States, Canada, Israel, Argentina, valid for a period of 10 years, and the United Kingdom, which grant visas to each other for travel, business, and family visits for a period of more than two years.
The UK and Belgium have jointly launched a one-stop shop for visas, while France, Italy and Singapore have reduced visa processing times to 48 hours, 36 hours and 24 hours, respectively.
For frequent overseas business people, multiple entry, convenient customs clearance of the APEC business travel card is a good choice.
According to Cui, holding the card is equivalent to getting multiple visas from 16 economies around the Asia-Pacific region for five years, which is of great significance for business people, especially private enterprises.
At present, China ranks first among APEC economies in terms of the number of valid cards it holds.
The Foreign Ministry will actively negotiate bilateral visa reciprocity agreements and push more countries to adopt visa facilitation measures for Chinese citizens, so that the results of diplomatic work can be translated into measures convenient for the people, and continuously enhance the gold content of Chinese passports, the ministry said.
National Day is approaching.
Yesterday morning, the municipal party secretary Cai Qi led the team to inspect the safety of production and the supply of the holiday market during the National Day.
He stressed the need to enhance the political position, strengthen bottom-line thinking, do all kinds of work to ensure the safe operation of the city and the supply of markets, welcome the 70th anniversary of the founding of New China, so as to allow citizens to enjoy a festival of joy, peace and peace.
Deputy Secretary of the Municipal Committee and Mayor Chen Jining inspect together.
With a power supply area of nearly 7 square kilometers, Tiananmen Electric Power Service Center has constructed an intelligent inspection system to monitor and analyze the data in real time and realize the intelligent operation, evaluation and security of the equipment.
Cai Qi and Chen Jining carefully inspected the operation of power supply equipment and safety production, asked about important details of power supply and security work details, and went into the dispatch command hall to listen to a report on the safety of power supply and gas supply during the festival.
Cai Chi expressed condolences to the front-line staff, stressed that to establish a bottom-line mentality, to catch the fire and other work, more to the site, pay more attention to the end of the point, each point to strengthen the safety hidden trouble check and equipment operation monitoring, ensure that the power supply, gas supply absolute safety.
Wangfujing department store, a wide variety of goods, everywhere is full of festive atmosphere.
Peace Bureau, the second floor, green tile stone brick brick walls and anachronistic photo gallery, the Grand Theater, grocery stores, old bookstores and other old shops, everywhere with a strong Beijing flavor.
Cai Qi, Chen Jining while walking, listening to Wangfujing Department Store in cooperation with pedestrian street renovation upgrade business operation, market supply report, understand the details of the holiday security situation.
Go into "Red Star Grain and Oil Store", "Great North Photo Gallery" and so on, understand the Beijing characteristic merchandise sales, along the way to ask visitors to experience the tour.
At Zhang Binggui's candy bar, sweets, the Beijing labor model, Zhang Binggui's son Zhang and the inheritance of "one catch, one clean," Cai urged him to vigorously promote the spirit of the labor model.
Cai Qi ordered to strengthen market monitoring to ensure adequate and stable holiday supply, strict food safety clearance; shopping centers and other crowded places to do a good job of fire safety.
The city leaders Cui Shuqiang, Wang Hong and Zhang Jiaming participated in the inspection.
"Königsberg:" Königsstraße "für Königsbahnen" ".
The reporter from Jiangxi Provincial Highway Transportation Administration has learned that Jiangxi, Jiangxi so far, 11 cities and 6 provinces directly in the county of 1,334 passenger lines have a "long" line.
The head of the Jiangxi Provincial Highway Transport Administration said that due to the formality of safety management in some passenger transport enterprises, the main responsibility of enterprise safety is not real, passenger vehicles overspeed, driver fatigue driving and other violations, the security situation of road passenger transport is more serious.
In order to compaction the main responsibility of road passenger transport enterprises and ensure passenger travel safety, Jiangxi began to pilot the "line length system" in 2017, and began to be rolled out across the province in 2018.
Currently, there are 92 road passenger companies in Jiangxi, appointing the "Line Captains" to manage 1,334 lines, known as the "Long Line", operating 4,824 passenger cars.
According to the introduction, the "line captain" generally by the road transport passenger enterprises designated specialized personnel, the management of the specific management of the relevant line people, cars, lines, etc., to ensure that the shift line responsible for the overall control of the line, vehicles, drivers, operating environment, and so on, to ensure the safety of the operation of the line.
To celebrate the seventieth anniversary of the founding of the People's Republic of China and the 20th anniversary of the founding of the Macao Special Administrative Region, special guided tours for the public will be held from October to December, led by food safety educators to visit the "Mainland Food and Agricultural Products for Australia Photo Exhibition for the 20th Year" and the "Food Information Station".
The "Working Together - Safeguarding the Safety of Food and Agricultural Products in Mainland China (MSAR), a Twenty-Year Work Photo Exhibition", jointly organized by the State Customs Administration and the Macao SAR Municipal Services Administration, is now being held at the Food Information Counter on 1 / F of Wuhan Hawker House, which attracts many Macau residents to visit the exhibition.
A special public guided tour on food safety will be held on the first floor of the Yu Han Hawker House every Wednesday at 3.30pm (except public holidays), led by food safety education staff visiting the photo exhibition and the food information kiosks. Through illustrations, films, cartoons and multimedia interactive games, the participants will be given a guided tour of the food safety officers, familiarize themselves with the safety control and stability aspects of the Mainland food supply to Macao, as well as the food safety aspects of Macau food, from import to the market monitoring, and learn more about food safety in daily life, so as to further pay attention to food safety and bring into play the spirit of "food safety and comfort for the Government, the industry and the public".
Interested parties may register at the Food Information Counter of the Municipal Services Department on 1 / F, Yau Hon Hawker House, 15 minutes before the start of the event. Admission is free on a first-come-first-served basis.
For enquiries, please call the hotline 2833 8181 during office hours.
Official website Official website Official website Official website Official website
Fujian Province Tax Collection Platform for Banking and People's Comprehensive Taxation has been put on line.
On September 27, 2007, Fuzhou Electric Power (Ye Qiuyun) The Fujian Province Tax Storehouse Silver People Comprehensive Taxation Payment Platform was officially launched in Fuzhou City, Fujian Province.
On October 26, 2018, the central branch of the People's Bank of China in Fuzhou, together with the State Administration of Taxation of Fujian Province and China Banking Union Corporation Limited, signed a memorandum of tripartite cooperation, the first in the country to create a comprehensive tax payment platform.
After nearly a year of construction, the platform has been successfully launched.
According to Wang Dehui, Director of the Treasury Department of the Fuzhou Central Sub-branch, the platform follows the principles of security, generality, convenience, compliance and leadership in construction, the front end connecting taxation, government, banks, non-bank payment institutions and social services, and provides various tax and fee payment channels online and offline, such as mobile phone APP, WeChat public number, tax hall, bank network, inclusive financial services point, etc. The platform is connected to the state treasury and the tax system at the back end.
It is reported that a number of platform for the benefit of the people projects, urban and rural residents health insurance fees for the project has been put on the line.
The project provides services to more than 30 million urban and rural residents in Fujian Province, covering 76% of the resident population of Fujian Province.
Health insurance fees can be paid online through the "Fujian link" "flash payment", as well as the APP of various banks, the WeChat public number, etc. Health insurance fees can be paid offline in various tax halls and rural inclusive financial services points in Fujian Province, using a variety of methods, such as sweeps, swing cards, swipe cards, etc.
Shi Dong, deputy governor of the central Fuzhou branch of the People's Bank of China, said the successful launch of the platform could provide the public with a safe, efficient, multi-mode and easy for people to pay tax while ensuring the direct collection of government revenue and the real-time interaction of data information.
Currently, there are more than 16,000 inclusive financial service points in the province, and more than 9,000 have introduced the medical insurance fee checking function, which enables rural residents to check their medical insurance fees safely without leaving the village, thus giving the public a growing sense of “access ” and“ happiness. ”
According to statistics, since the trial operation of the project for checking and paying medical insurance fees for urban and rural residents in the previous 20 days, the number of users of the platform has reached 840,000, of which, 750,000 are paying fees online and nearly 20,000 are paying fees at the inclusive financial services points.
In addition, Lin Guojing, deputy director of the Tax Administration Bureau of Fujian Province, the State Administration of Taxation, revealed at the event that the platform had pioneered the use of blockchain electronic payment voucher technology in the country.
Starting next month, the payer will be able to download the stamped electronic payment voucher directly from the phone after completing the payment.
Fujian tax information network based on blockchain technology is being built, and the "expressway" for private tax payment will be further widened.
U.S. to increase deployment of air defense systems and forces in Saudi Arabia
The US Department of Defense announced yesterday that it would deploy an additional Patriot air defense system, four Sentinel radar systems and about 200 US troops to Saudi Arabia as a result of previous attacks on Saudi oil facilities.
The Pentagon said in a statement the same day that the deployment will boost air defense and anti-missile capabilities of key military targets and civilian infrastructure in Saudi Arabia, as well as boost the U.S. military presence in the region.
U.S. Defense Secretary Michael Esper also approved the inclusion of two Patriot air defense systems and a THAAD anti-missile system in the pipeline.
Some U.S. defense media have questioned the effectiveness of the deployment, saying the Patriot and THAAD systems' primary interceptor targets were not low-altitude targets such as drones and cruise missiles that the United States claims to have attacked Saudi Arabia.
Iranian President Hassan Rouhani said in his speech at the general debate of the United Nations General Assembly that Iran can help maintain "Persian Gulf security" and ensure the smooth and safe passage of oil shipments through the Strait of Hormuz, with equal rights for all countries.
He also stressed that regional security could be achieved only if US troops withdrew from the region.
On February 14, several drones attacked two Saudi Aramco oil facilities, setting them on fire.
The United States blamed Iran for the attack and imposed new sanctions on Iran.
Chairman Celis' Enhanced Mortgage Program completes last year's call for a 43% increase in the maximum float for employees.
On the evening of September 25, 603716.SH announced that the company's actual controller and chairman Wen Wei had increased the shares of the company holding a total of 10.542 million shares, or 0.5139% of the company's total share capital, for a total amount of RMB2009.26 million, including stamp duty, commission, interest and other transaction costs, through the Shanghai Stock Exchange.
It is reported that before the implementation of the plan, Wen Wei Wei holds 8.58 million shares of shares directly, accounting for 4.18% of the total equity of the company, the controlling shareholder of Tianjin Ruemi Science Instruments Co. (hereinafter referred to as "Tianjin Ruemi") holds 82.1835 million shares of the company, accounting for 40.06% of the total share capital of the company, Wen Wei holds 66.06% of the shares of Tianjin Ruemi, who is the actual controller of the company.
It was not the first time that Seles had made a good move.
Since last September, in just over a year, Celis has launched a series of measures to increase its executive holdings, a scoop-holding initiative run by its chairman, and other incentives for its shareholders to buy back its shares.
On September 18, 2007, Celis announced that Liu Wenhao and seven other planned additional senior executives had cumulatively owned an additional 394,300 shares of the company (0.1922% of the total share capital), for a total of 7,022,900 yuan, and that the plan had been completed.
Shortly thereafter, Mr. Celis's chairman and de facto controller, Wen Wei, proposed a plan for employees to increase their holdings of the company and promised to compensate Mr. Wen for any losses.
As of October 31, 2018, the total amount of shares held in the company is no more than 150 million yuan, and the company must hold shares continuously for more than 12 months.
Reporter combing found that in the above initiative employees of the minimum stock price of 14.02 yuan, a maximum of 16.44 yuan, on September 25, the closing price of 20.02 yuan, employees hold the maximum float of up to 42.80%, minimum 21.78%.
On January 21 of this year, Seles once again adopted a plan to repurchase the company's shares, announcing that the total amount of money to be used for the repurchase of shares would be no less than 160 million yuan and no more than 280 million yuan.
On August 8, the company issued an announcement of the Celis 2019 Restricted Stock Incentive Plan (Draft) with high performance unlocking conditions.
According to the announcement, equity incentives will be based on operating income in 2018, with growth of at least 30%, 70%, 120%, and 185% in each of the four fiscal years 2019 – 2022.
Judging from Celis' performance in the first half of the year, the company maintained high growth and exceeded this year's 30% performance growth to unlock the conditions.
In the first half of the year, operating income was 842 million yuan, up 46.50% year on year; net profit attributable to shareholders of listed companies was 5,623.24 million yuan, up 16.46% year on year.
Since mid-2018, Seles has reported year-on-year revenue growth of more than 38% for five consecutive reporting periods, peaking at 59%.
In 2018 the company established a breakthrough, core-driven strategy of collaborative development between the medical consumables intensive operation service (SPD business) and the regional testing center, based on the IVD business (IVD business), with iterative upgrades to build on the strengths of the original IVD business and advance the SPD business.
Celis sources told reporters that in order to comply with the general trend of health care, the realization of rapid expansion, of the three businesses are steadily moving forward.
In the field of the SPD business, in January of this year, it signed the Cooperation Agreement on the Daily Operation Management Services with Lingwu People's Hospital and Lingwu Chinese Hospital, with a term of three years.
"In fact, Celis is aggressively expanding its SPD business, providing medical institutions with sophisticated operational services such as centralized procurement, storage management, distribution, and settlement in the facilities for medical supplies, in order to generate long-term revenue," he said.
The above person said.
On September 17, 2008, according to the Zhejiang Government Procurement Services Information Platform announcement, Celis won the tender for a "logistics extension project of the hospital of medical consumables (including reagents)" of the Shaw Hospital, affiliated to Zhejiang University Medical College.
According to industry analysts, the bid is highly ambitious, with the Shaw Hospital being the first public hospital in mainland China to pass the International Hospital Review (JCI), and the future success of the project is also an important development opportunity for the hospital.
According to its analysis, through regional expansion, national strategic cooperation and channel acquisition, the business map basically completed the business area coverage of the country's provinces and regions.
Today, the winning bid Shaw Hospital in Zhejiang next city, should continue to replicate the model in different hospitals, enhance the competitiveness of the company in the East China market.
In addition, Celis is also engaged this year in layouts of emerging areas like industrial marijuana and blockchain technology.
Beijing 78,000 volunteers to serve the National Day transportation trip.
In order to ensure the smooth celebration of the 70th anniversary of the founding of the People's Republic of China, more than 78,000 traffic civilization volunteers in Beijing will take up their official duties from the 28th, providing volunteer services at various points in the city until October 8.
Prior to that, the Leading Group for the 70th Anniversary Celebration of the Founding of the People's Republic of China set up a volunteer headquarters, and in the early years, it recruited and trained more than 160,000 highly qualified volunteers for universities, communities, enterprises and all sectors of society.
There are more than 78,000 volunteers.
From September 28 to Oct. 8, 78,266 Capital Transport Civilization volunteers worked at 1,700 intersections and 308 subway stations in Beijing, including more than 300 major transportation hubs for traffic diversion and guidance.
After two months being held by Iran, the British tanker Steiner Empire was finally released and set off from the Iranian port of Bandar Abbas on the morning of the 27th, heading for international waters.
In the middle of last month, the authorities in Gibraltar, a British overseas territory, released an Iranian tanker that had been held captive for more than a month.
According to the Islamic Republic News Agency, at 0900 local time, the British tanker Steiner departed from Bandar Abbas and headed for international waters in the Persian Gulf.
The Ports and Shipping Organization of the Iranian province of Hormuzgan confirmed that the ship's commander and crew had made a formal and written commitment that they had no claim despite the ship's seizure.
Stena Bulk, the Swedish owner of the oil tanker Steiner Empire, also said the ship was setting sail from the port of Bandar Abbas.
In addition, the ship tracking data from Refintiv also found that the tanker started moving on 27 and left Abass harbour.
The British-flagged Stena Impero tanker was seized by Iran in July this year.
A company spokesman said the tanker was preparing to leave the port of Bandar Abbas.
Two weeks after the British seized an Iranian tanker in the waters of Gibraltar, the Iranian Revolutionary Guards detained the tanker, named Stena Impero, in the Strait of Hormuz channel.
The ship was released on Aug.
Earlier this week, an Iranian government spokesman had said that all legal procedures needed for the release of the ship had been completed.
But the Iranian side said the investigation was still ongoing.
Several Iranian media outlets also released video of the tanker setting sail.
On 19 July, the Iranian IRGC Navy seized a British tanker, the Steiner Empire, in Iranian waters of the Strait of Hormuz and escorted it to Bandar Abbas.
The Iranian tanker Grace I left the waters of Gibraltar.
In addition, on 4 July, the authorities of Gibraltar, a British overseas territory, seized the tanker Grace 1, carrying Iranian crude oil, in the Strait of Gibraltar on suspicion of transporting oil to Syria in violation of European Union sanctions.
More than a month later, on August 15, the authorities in Gibraltar announced the release of "Grace One."
This afternoon, the provincial undergraduate college subject education inspection rectification work special meeting was held in Changsha.
The Deputy Secretary of the provincial party committee, Ulan, stressed the need to improve political standing, strengthen political accountability, take the examination and reform of problems seriously, and promote the high quality development of the work of Party building, thought and reform development in colleges and universities through the effectiveness of the subject education.
Ulan fully acknowledges the initial achievements made by the undergraduate universities in the second batch of thematic education.
She pointed out that education on the theme of "remembering the first mind, remembering the mission" is a major plan of the CPC Central Committee, and that universities and colleges should study deeply to implement the spirit of Xi Jinping's important speech on education on the theme of "remembering the first mind, remembering the mission".
To strengthen the "four consciousness", achieve "two maintenance", the implementation of the heart of the mission of the political high, conscientiously completed a good thematic education of the regulation action, especially a solid correction and review of the series of issues, overall planning for the development of school reform, to achieve "two without mistake, two promotion."
Ulan stressed that we should stick to the edge of the knife, grasp the problem inspection, in accordance with the "four control" "four to find" requirements, standard check table to find the correct problem, wide in order to solicit comments from teachers and students, parents and all sectors of thought, from a serious and serious analysis of the root causes, so as to clear the direction of efforts and improvement measures, and come up with practical measures to solve the problem.
We must adhere to the precision, strengthen the real reform, and earnestly "reform" the word throughout.
To do well the thematic education and the work of "The Lied Tree Man" the combination of articles, compaction of the responsibility for the rectification, ensure that there is not a problem, see zero, in order to ensure the effectiveness of the rectification.
We must address both the symptoms and the root causes, improve the long-term mechanism, weave the system firmly into the cage, strengthen the rigid constraints of the system, ensure that there are rules and regulations for all work, and truly use the system to manage people's rights.
Under the above leadership, the leading cadres should take the lead in strengthening the theoretical armed forces, take the lead in carefully reviewing the rectification, conduct themselves strictly in accordance with the times, play a good "key minority" demonstration role, and strive to complete the task of subject-oriented inspection, inspection, education, inspection and reform.
5 Hunan University Party committee in charge of comrade, as well as the responsible comrades of the relevant units made the speeches.
Two UHV Projects of "One Crossing All the Way"
On 26 May, the project was put into the quasi-east to south of Anhui ± 1100 kV HVDC project and the Sutong 1000 kV AC UHV GIL complex.
Both of these projects occupy the high points of the current world transmission technology, which will greatly improve the energy distribution in our country.
Guo Zhi, chief economist of the National Energy Bureau, said the quasi-East to South Anhui project is the world's largest power transmission capacity, the longest distance transmission project.
Its delivery is of great significance to promote the development of Xinjiang energy base and to guarantee the power supply in east China.
GIL, or gas-insulated metal closed transmission lines.
The Sutong Tube Gallery project, which set the record for the highest voltage level and best transmission capacity in the world for the GIL project, achieved the 'AC double-loop network' combined operation of the highest voltage level of the backbone network in eastern China.
According to the State Grid Corporation, the transmission distance of the project is 3,324 km.
If conventional technology is used, more than 15% of the electricity will be lost in transit, and the project has been studied and developed, greatly increasing the economic transmission distance to over 3,000 km.
After the project is put into operation from the east to the south of Anhui, it can deliver 100 million degrees of electric energy every 8 hours and 20 minutes, which can help to solve the problem of the elimination of the existing new energy sources in Xinjiang.
According to the full load estimate, this line alone will deliver 60 to 85 billion kilowatt-hours of electricity a year, enough to meet more than half of Shanghai's annual electricity consumption.
The Soutong GIL Integrated Tube Corridor Project is a control project of the UHV AC ring network across the Yangtze River.
A conventional overhead line across the river would require the erection of two gigantic towers more than 450 metres across the Yangtze River and the construction of an artificial island the size of four football pitches for each tower.
In response, the National Grid ventured to innovate, developing compact ultra-high-voltage AC GIL transmission technology that would pass under a river through a tunnel, avoiding the impact on the Golden Passage.
Two projects to promote the electrical equipment manufacturing capacity of our country to achieve a new leap.
At present, the National Grid has a total of "10 11 straight" ultra-high-voltage projects, and "4 by 3 straight" under construction.
Foreign exchange bureau: the structure of China's foreign debt continuous optimization of the stability of foreign debt
"Overall, China's external debt structure continues to be optimized, and the stability of the external debt has increased."
China's main indicators of foreign debt are within the internationally recognized security line and the risk of foreign debt is under general control, said Wang Chunying, a spokesman for the State Administration of Foreign Exchange (SAFE).
Wang Chunying was at the Foreign Exchange Bureau on the day of the release of the foreign debt data for the end of June 2019, in response to a question from the reporters to make the above statement.
Data show that by the end of June 2019, China's total foreign debt balance (including domestic and foreign currencies) was $199.8 billion, up $26.3 billion, or 1.3%, from the end of March 2019.
In the second quarter of 2019, more than 70% of the increase in China's full-caliber foreign debt was driven by the purchase of domestic renminbi bonds by non-residents, who were mainly medium- and long-term investors such as the central bank.
By the end of June 2019, medium- and long-term foreign debt had increased by 3 percentage points compared to the end of March 2019, and domestic currency foreign debt had increased by 1 percentage point compared to the end of March 2019.
'With the inclusion of yuan-denominated bonds in the Bloomberg Barclays Global Aggregate Index in April 2019, international investors have further increased their recognition of the Chinese bond market and continue to hold domestic yuan-denominated bonds, 'said Wang Chunying.
"China's balance of payments is generally balanced, and the risk of foreign debt is manageable."
Reporter 27 from the Yunnan Academy of Agricultural Sciences learned that at present, the grassland greedy night moths have been effective control, did not cause a large area outbreak into a disaster, prevention and control work to achieve periodic results.
In January this year, the grassland nocturia moth was first discovered from outside Jiangcheng County in Pu'er City, Yunnan, and subsequently confirmed in 129 counties in Yunnan, and spread from Yunnan to the mainland of China, posing a direct threat to China's grain production.
The meadowland nocturnal moth is an important agricultural pest originating from tropical and subtropical areas of the Americas. It is one of the major migratory pests in the early warning system of the Food and Agriculture Organization of the United Nations (FAO).
The pests harm more than 80 crops such as maize, sugar cane, sorghum, a large amount of food, can result in up to 70 per cent of the yield loss.
The control is difficult, and there is no registered pesticide in China.
Since the invasion of Yunnan, the Yunnan Academy of Agricultural Sciences has selected Chen Aidong to lead a team from the Yunnan Academy of Agricultural Sciences in collaboration with Green innovation team, to carry out field investigations, collect samples, and carry out technical instruction and experimental demonstration.
Chen Aidong team has initially mastered the population characteristics, natural enemy insect resources, overseas source characteristics, population migration trajectories, drug toxicity and field control effects, etc.
They have actively pursued the research and application of green prevention and control technologies, and their prevention and control effects have reached more than 90% in the demonstration areas through the implementation of new green prevention and control technologies such as population monitoring, adult booby-traps, scientific drug use and agronomic measures, reduced the use of chemical pesticides, protected the natural enemy resources and the eco-environment, and provided a technological guarantee for the effective control of outbreaks and the sustainable control of night moths in Yunnan.
At present, Yunnan grassland greedy nocturnal moth has been effective control, did not cause a large area burst into a disaster, prevention and control work has achieved a stage achievement.
In the next step, Yunnan Academy of Agricultural Sciences will focus on the ecological mechanism of population migration invasion and break through biological control and green control technology system construction.
At the same time, we will proactively promote cross-boundary international cooperation and strive to establish joint key laboratories and joint monitoring network sites and demonstration areas overseas to enhance the all-round monitoring and early warning capability of night moths in grasslands in Yunnan Province.
The People's Bank of China is scheduled to issue a set of gold and silver commemorative coins for the China International Import Expo on September 30, 2019, according to the People's Bank of China website.
There are two gold and silver commemorative coins, one in gold and one in silver, all legal tender of the People's Republic of China.
According to the introduction, the obverse of the gold and silver commemorative coins are all decorated with the Hall of Prayer of the Temple of Heaven in Beijing, and printed with the name of the country, the year number and the Chinese words "China International Import Exposition".
The 8g round gold coin has a picture of a mother and child on the reverse, and is printed with the words "8g Au.999", "China International Import Fair" in English and the denomination.
The 30-gram round silver commemorative coin has a picture of a mother and child on the reverse, and is printed with the words "30g Ag.999", "China International Import Fair" in English and denomination.
According to the introduction, the 8-gram round gold commemorative coin is of universal denomination, containing 8 grams of pure gold, 22 mm in diameter, 100 yuan in denomination, 99.9% in value, and has a maximum circulation of 10,000 pieces.
The 30-gram round silver commemorative coin is a universal coin, containing 30 grams of pure silver, 40 mm in diameter, a $10 denomination, 99.9% in silver, with a maximum circulation of 20,000 pieces in circulation.
The gold and silver commemorative coins were minted by Shenyang Mint Co. Ltd., China Gold Coin Corporation, and were distributed by the company.
White Paper: China walks out of a development path that conforms to its national conditions
Beijing, September 27 (Xinhua) -- The Information Office of the State Council of the People's Republic of China (PRC) released a white paper titled "China and the World in the New Era" on Tuesday.
"Over the past 70 years, the Chinese people have made painstaking efforts, sharpened their progress, successfully blazed a path of socialism with Chinese characteristics and achieved eye-catching development achievements," the white paper said.
The white paper says China relies on self-reliance and hard work for its development.
China develops by relying on the doing spirit of "800 million shirts for a Boeing, continuing to struggle through the generations and paying to toil and sweat beyond the imagination of others; relying on the bearing spirit of carrying one's own burden, which does not export problems or pass on contradictions, and not letting other countries pursue their own development through forced sales and plunder; relying on the exploration spirit of" feeling the stones and crossing rivers ", which does not follow the old road of imperialism and colonialism, and does not copy the development model of the Western countries, China draws on China's reality, experience and lessons, learn from human civilization, and dares to venture out and take a road of its own.
The white paper said China is developing in interaction with the world, China's development has injected positive energy into world peace and development, and China's road is in line with China's national conditions and the demands of the times.
China takes concrete actions to safeguard world peace.
For 70 years, China has not provoked any war or conflict of its own accord and has not encroached on an inch of another country's land.
"The white paper says that the root cause of China's great success in development over the past 70 years is to find the right path of development for socialism with Chinese characteristics and continue along it unswervingly.
This is a road to be set up in the light of China's national conditions, putting the interests of the people first, carrying out reform and innovation, pursuing common development while opening up, and governing the country by law in an all-round way.
Without centralized, unified and strong leadership, China will be divided and disintegrated, bringing disaster to the world.
'Over the past 70 years, China has overcome risks and challenges and created one Chinese miracle after another, 'the white paper said.
In particular, since the 18th CPC National Congress, China has made historic achievements and changes in its development, and the Chinese nation has made a great leap from rising up and becoming rich to becoming stronger, bringing it closer to the great goal of national rejuvenation than at any time in its history.
China's road of development will be more and more bright with the advance of the times.
The World Textile Business Declaration was issued jointly by the textile representatives of 45 countries.
The Declaration was adopted by the textile industry representatives of 45 countries at the Second Session of the World Textile Congress held in Keqiao District of Shaoxing, Zhejiang Province on 27 July 2019.
Looking to the future, in the spirit of opening up, technology drive and fashion change, the relevant countries will work together to promote the high-quality development of the world's textile industry, the declaration said.
The Congress brought together about 1,200 representatives of the textile industry from 45 countries and regions to explore the ways of sustainable development and win-win cooperation in the global textile industry in the light of the trends of the textile industry in the world economic landscape.
Sun Ruizhe, president of the China Textile Industry Federation, said that the global pattern of division of labor, trade pattern and innovation pattern is undergoing profound adjustment, and the textile industry has entered a new stage of globalization, innovation and responsible development.
Standing at the "crossroads" of the global textile transformation and upgrading, Sun Ruizhe said, "Sustainable development and common prosperity of the industry requires the active participation of the global textile industry, the sharing of talents and the sharing of benefits."
At the conference, representatives of the textile industry from 45 countries and regions jointly issued the "World Declaration of Textiles Dealers", jointly elaborating the goals and vision of the global textile industry.
The Declaration points out that for the future, relevant countries will adhere to openness and synergies, continuously promote interconnectivity between their industries and markets and jointly upgrade the level of development of industrial chains, will adhere to the drive of science and technology, continuously strengthen basic research, applied research and technological transformation, and will make the leap in cohesive fashion, give full play to the role of textiles and clothing as a vehicle of culture and a bridge of civilization, and enhance industrial and cultural values.
Loureno Bartholomei, president of the Brazilian Association of Fashion Designers, Brazil, stated in an interview that the release of the World Buffer Declaration would help countries to jointly upgrade the development of the textile industry chain and achieve sustainable development of the textile industry.
The Brazilian Council of Fashion Designers, for example, has more than 130 local brands that strive to design stylish, high-end garments, and Cowbridge has a variety of boutique fabrics. "Through this Congress, we are also looking to connect with excellent suppliers and look for more opportunities for collaboration," Loureno Bartholomei said.
As the venue of the World Congress of cloth merchants, Keqiao has the largest textile market in the world. At present, it is gradually constructing a new pattern of upgrading and opening to the outside world, representing China's textile image at the front of the world.
District Committee Secretary Shen Zhijiang said Keqiao will use this meeting as an opportunity to advance the textile industry towards a more open, inclusive, inclusive, balanced and win-win direction.
Reuters estimates the midpoint of the renminbi at around 7.0883 yuan with a countercyclical impact of 460 points.
The yuan is trading at around 7.0883 to the dollar and, according to the yuan exchange rate regime announced by the China Foreign Exchange Exchange, is expected to weaken about 154 points to the dollar on Friday.
The yuan finished the previous day at 7.1315 yuan to the dollar, while the median was 7.0729 yuan to the dollar.
According to the pricing mechanism, the 586 point drop in today ’ s median price reflects the market ’ s supply and demand impact, while the 27 point drop reflects the points needed to hold the overnight basket of exchange rates virtually constant, and the 460 point rise reflects the “counter-cyclical factor ” effect.
The central rate, as measured by Reuters, was 7.0947 yuan against the dollar, a deviation of 218 points from the real value reported by the Exchange Center.
China's currency exchange rate, the CFETS index, the reference SDR (Special Drawing Right) basket index and the reference BIS (Bank for International Settlements), are 91.26, 91.46 and 94.92, respectively.
The completion of Tianjin Zhou Dafu, the tallest building in North China, created more than 100 state patents
The completion ceremony of the first high-rise building in Northern China, Tianjin Zhou Dafu Financial Center, was held in the afternoon of May 26 in the Binhai New Area of Tianjin, marking the success of a collaborative management platform of the high-precision BIM model, the architectural information model that has won the Global Award for Excellence in the Construction Industry, which was developed by the China Construction Eight Bureau of the Tianjin Zhou Dafu Financial Center Project.
Located in the Tianjin Economic and Technological Development Zone, the project has a total floor area of 390,000 square meters, four floors underground, 100 storeys above ground, and a building height of 530 meters, covering Grade A offices, luxury apartments, and a five-star hotel, and will become an important part of Tianjin's international landmark complex.
According to the project manager of the project department of Tianjin Zhou Daofu Financial Center, China Construction Eight Bureau, the steel capacity of the project is over 70,000 tons, the height of the weld is about 376,000 meters.
The complexity and processing difficulty of the steel structure of the Tianjin Zhou Daofu project is unprecedented.
According to people in the industry, Zhou Dafu, the financial centre in Tianjin, has taken the lead in implementing the architectural information model (BIM) management in all aspects of skyscraper projects already completed or under construction in the country.
Creative and successful implementation of the full staff participation, full professional application, the implementation of the whole process of the "three BIM application" model, the development of a high-precision BIM-based collaborative management platform.
According to the director, during Zhou Daofu's construction, the project department first constructed the BIM in the virtual world, carried out scientific verification and then carried out physical construction, in order to get rid of the problems that might have arisen in the previous construction project.
In 2017, the BIM innovation product of the Zhou Daifu Financial Center project was awarded the first prize of the Construction Group of the Global Engineering Industry Award of Excellence at the Global AU Master Awards and the 2017 Global Engineering Industry Awards of Excellence.
During the construction of the project, the Ministry created more than 130 national patents.
It is worth mentioning that the BIM innovation achievements and the promotion of science and technology innovation of Tianjin Zhou Dafu project not only made an optimization of the complex and multifarious construction links, the construction time was shortened by more than four months, also promoted the safety management and other aspects.
Recently, the Tianjin Zhou Dafu Financial Center project also won the 2019 ISA International Security Award.
The 86th joint Mekong River patrol of the old Burma and Thailand was completed.
At 15: 30, three Chinese law enforcement boats and two Laotian law enforcement boats participating in the 86th joint Mekong River patrol were successfully anchored in Guanlai port, marking the successful conclusion of the joint patrol.
The operation was launched in Guanlai Port on 24 April, and lasted four days and three nights, with 136 officers from four countries, including six law enforcement vessels.
During the operation, the formations carried out joint patrols and anti-drug propaganda activities in the Golden Triangle, Lao Ban Xiangguo, Mengmo and other areas.
In addition, China has sent a delegation of police operational instructors to the 122 and 133 Lao People's Army Border Guard Companies to exchange police operational skills and effectively enhance the response capabilities of law enforcement personnel from both sides in dealing with emergencies.
The four countries have also held an exchange meeting on law enforcement cooperation in Ching Sheng, Thailand, where they briefed each other on recent developments in border management, the fight against drug crimes and the security situation in the Mekong River basin, and exchanged views and reached consensus on strengthening information exchange, investigation and law enforcement cooperation. They have also organized cultural and cultural exchanges, and conducted competitions of football, rattan ball, iron ball and tug-of-war to effectively promote mutual understanding among law enforcement members and friendship in law enforcement cooperation among the four countries.
After the end of the joint mission, the two sides will raise the warning rate on the Mekong River and make every effort to maintain security and stability in the Mekong Valley, the head of the water patrol team of the Yunnan Provincial Public Security Department said.
The Thai commander said that since the joint Mekong River patrol law enforcement was launched, the four countries have close exchanges, deepened practical cooperation and achieved fruitful results in many fields such as law enforcement, security cooperation and cultural exchanges.
We hope that the Quartet will deepen law enforcement cooperation and open up new prospects for law enforcement cooperation between the four countries so as to make new contributions to the maintenance of security and stability in the Mekong River region.
Iranian Defense Minister Amir Khatami said on Monday that he opposes any agreement with the West on Iran's missile program.
Iran's Islamic Republic News Agency quoted Khatami as saying that any agreement with the United States on Iran's "missile power" would harm its capabilities.
According to Khatami, Iran's leaders are all in favor of improving the missile program.
Iran reached an agreement with the six countries on the Iran nuclear deal in 2015, and the United States withdrew from the agreement last May and resumed and strengthened sanctions against Iran, in an attempt to use extreme pressure to force Iran to renegotiate the Iran nuclear deal with the United States in order to limit Iran ’ s weapons programs and regional activities.
Some Western leaders have used the occasion of the United Nations General Assembly to mediate US-Iran tensions.
British Prime Minister Boris Johnson, German Chancellor Angela Merkel and French President Emmanuel Macron meet on the sidelines of the UN General Assembly on Monday.
The leaders issued a joint statement after the meeting, urging Iran to engage in dialogue on nuclear activities, missile programs and regional security issues.
Iranian President Hassan Rouhani 24 told reporters that Iran is willing to discuss "minor changes, additions or amendments" to the Iran nuclear deal, provided the U.S. lifts sanctions.
Zhang Ziyi, Head of the Jury, 2019 Tokyo International Film Festival
Under the White Cloud, directed by Wang Rui, a professor at the Beijing Film Academy, joins 13 other films for the Golden Kirin Award, the top prize of the Tokyo International Film Festival, as the only Chinese-language film in the main competition unit of the 32nd Tokyo International Film Festival, which opens on Oct. 28.
Beneath the White Cloud is the fifth film directed by Professor Wang Rui, which tells the story of a couple of ordinary Mongolian herdsmen who have a difficult life due to their different life pursuits, with Mongolian actors Jiji Mutu and Tana as the main characters.
"Under the White Cloud" has two world premieres during the festival, on October 31 and November 3.
The 32nd Tokyo International Film Festival "The 32nd Tokyo International Film Festival is scheduled to be held at the Roppongi, Nishibuya and other venues in Tokyo from October 28 to November 5 this year.On September 26, the festival's organizing committee held a press conference to officially announce the list of entries of" Golden Kirin Prize Main Competition Unit "," Asian Future "," Special Hospitality Works ", Japanese Cinema Splash, World Focus, and film list.
The competition film selection director introduced the Chinese entry for the film "Under Bai Yun".
Zhang Ziyi is the chairman of the international jury of the main competition section of the film festival.
'Asian Future 'unit has three Chinese-language films
Among the modules of the Tokyo International Film Festival, it is second only to the Future of Asia in the number of films in the main competition, with three Chinese-language films from mainland China and Hong Kong in the main competition, although there are only eight shortlisted films, six fewer than the main competition.
The two Hong Kong films are "Baby Revenge", directed by Lu Yi-xin, "Man on the Road", directed by Huang Qingxun, starring the film emperors Kuo Fu-cheng and Miriam Miriam, and the film Midsummer Nights, which is set in mainland China.
In addition, the China-Japan cooperative action adventure film "Ice Peak Storm", directed by Yu Fei and starring Youshu Guangshu, Zhang Jingchu and Lin Bohong, will also be shown at this year's film festival.
The film festival spokesman, "Goddess" Alice Guase, due to the absence of the press conference, released a video of the speech.
Famous director Yoshihiro Yamada.
At the press conference, the newly appointed President of the Tokyo International Film Festival, Yukang Ando, the Director of the Tokyo International Film Festival, Masahiro Hisamatsu, and the directors of the selected films of various units, made speeches on stage and introduced the aims of the film festival and the films to be released.
As a special guest of the press conference, the opening film, "Tora-san's Story: Welcome Back" director Yoko Yamada, the two Japanese directors of the main competition unit, Tetsuka ("Baropola"), Tadashi ("I Love My Wife"), as well as the famous playwright and writer Kazuki Nakajima, also appeared at the press conference to share their feelings on participating in the Tokyo Film Festival.
The international jury for the main competition was composed of five members, with Zhang Ziyi as the chair of the jury, and four members: American producer Bill Gerber, French actor and producer Julie Gaultier, Danish director Michael Knoll, and Japanese director Ryuichi Hiroki.
In addition, TIFFCOM (International Image Market), held concurrently with the Tokyo International Film Festival, was held from October 22 to 24 at the Ikebao Sunny City Convention and Exhibition Center. A record 401 groups will set up exhibition stands this year, especially 90 from China, a jump of 6.4 times compared with last year's 14.
TIFFCOM designated October 22 as CHINA DAY as the day of the opening ceremony, held lectures and seminars, and invited Japanese director Hiroshi Ishii to participate in the event.
Chengdu "Panda Planet" and expansion of the Research Base of Giant Panda Breeding
Chengdu, September 27 (Xinhua) -- -- Chengdu has a rich cultural tourism route for pandas, and the panda base can accommodate 180 pandas in the future.
According to the plan, Chengdu's "Panda Capital" is made up of three districts, North Lake, Dujiangyan and Longquanshan, covering an area of 69 square kilometers.
The plan combines the ecological and cultural value of the giant panda with the construction of Chengdu beautiful and liveable park city to create an ecological home for the giant panda.
"Panda Planet" belongs to the North Lake area, 35 square kilometers, combined with industrial planning, will form the "1 + N + X" regional space structure.
One core attraction is the Giant Panda Breeding Research Base of the transformation and expansion project; N cultural tourism consumption sites, namely the panda town, the Promenade, the Dream Garden, etc.; and X regional infrastructure support facilities.
With the expansion of the Breeding Research Base of Giant Panda will amount to 3,525 acres, and it is a demonstration site of world-class pandas protection and good times for people and animals.
The park is planned to accommodate 180 giant pandas and their companion animals (red pandas and golden monkeys).
Over the past few days, many international dignitaries and envoys of various countries have congratulated the 70th anniversary of the founding of New China and highly valued New China's achievements in development and its significance to global development, according to the News and Newspaper Digest of China, Voice of China Central Television and Radio reported.
In an interview with Central Radio and Television, President Keita said that he had visited China many times and that the country's achievements over the past 70 years had been amazing and had benefited the world.
Keita: I'm a friend and a sincere friend of the Chinese people.
China has never developed selfishly, but has opened its doors to the world and brought the greatest happiness to people of all countries.
We wish China every success, and I hope President Xi Jinping leads the great Chinese people to continue to realize their dream.
Happy birthday and best wishes to China!
Happy birthday to the People's Republic of China, Prime Minister Motley said.
Say hello to the Chinese people.
I will never forget this day because it is also my birthday.
A few days ago (25), ambassadors from more than 130 countries and representatives of international organizations in China visited the Great Achievement Exhibition celebrating the 70th anniversary of the founding of the People's Republic of China in Beijing.
Seeing personally the starting point of China's reform and opening-up policy, Russia's ambassador to China, Dmitry Denisov, said that Russia has made too much progress compared with today's situation and that of more than 40 years ago.
In addition, in recent days, our embassies and consulates in many countries have held various activities in the region to celebrate the 70th anniversary of the founding of New China with local friends.
Many foreign friends send their sincere wishes to China.
On September 26, Baidu announced the launch of the pilot operation of the unmanned "Level 4" fully self-driving taxi team, Robotaxi, on a specific highway in Changsha, Hunan province.
Ma, an autonomous driving startup, has also launched a pilot operation in Guangzhou, Guangdong province.
Trials of self-driving taxis, backed by the Chinese government, are likely to expand everywhere.
Since 26, Baidu has been using 45 self-driving taxis for trial operation, and passengers in Changsha City can apply for rides through a dedicated website.
There is a "safety officer" in the driver's seat to ensure the safety of passengers.
The roads offered for trial operation are 50 km by the end of 2019 and are scheduled to be extended to 135 km by the first half of 2020.
The vehicle is the "Red Flag EV", a pure electric vehicle of China's FAW Group, and is equipped with a system developed by Baidu and supported by the Chinese government.
Baidu's Apollo program includes more than 150 companies besides Toyota and Honda, including Volkswagen of Germany, Daimler of Germany, Ford Motor of the United States, Intel of the United States, Microsoft of the United States, and Nvidia of the United States.
China's largest internet taxi services, has unveiled plans to launch 30 self-driving taxis on the outskirts of Shanghai this year.
Self-driving development in China is likely to become more competitive.
Taiwan scholar suggests that "uncertain times" need to keep up with mainland's development of mainstream industry
The "2019 Taiwan Business Innovation Forum" was held in Taipei for two days.
Representatives of Taiwanese businessmen and scholars were invited to share their experience on enterprise transformation, innovation, succession and market development.
The Forum, hosted by the Taipei Management Research Institute, the group benefit Jinding Securities, the Outstanding Mainland Taiwan Business Association, among other organizations.
The two-day conference was divided into a series of seminars on the mode of transformation and upgrading, business strategies, in succession, attended by over 100 participants.
Chen Mingzhang, director of the Institute of Management Management in Taipei, said that U.S.-China trade frictions continue and that Taiwanese traders face "uncertain times".
He believes that Taiwanese businesses need to keep up with the times and keep up with the mainstream industries on the mainland, with a particular focus on innovative products related to technology, culture, tourism and health.
"In the past, Taiwanese traders have valued quality, effectiveness and delivery."
Chen Mingzhang believes that the above conditions alone are not enough at present.
He pointed out that Taiwan capital enterprises should have both speed and service, speed up the supply chain, pay attention to the extension of services and living products services.
In addition, "service value-added" is also a new area in which Taiwanese businesses can develop vigorously.
Xu Wentang, Chairman of Taichang Yayi Electronics Co., Ltd. from Guangdong, said that Yayi Electronics had experienced operational difficulties as a result of the sudden reduction in orders, and the Group started to improve its management from several aspects such as restructuring and activation of assets.
Take away the traditional electrical business, the transformation of automotive electronic equipment, enter the smart home appliances industry, it took three years for the enterprise to achieve revenue.
Bai Hongzhang, the general manager of Sun Shen (Zhuhai) Electronics Co., Ltd., suggested that it would be better to focus on the original customers to provide "one-stop" service if it was difficult to develop new customers.
Customer change of suppliers is nothing more than poor service, high price, low quality, slow delivery, less variety, integrity problems. As long as these six points are resolved, coupled with timely re-engineering of production lines and expansion of product categories, the enterprise will become an irreplaceable supplier to the customer.
27, also hosted by the Taipei Institute of Management and Management, the "Outstanding Mainland Taiwan Awards 2019" Award presentation ceremony was held in Taipei, Taiwan.
Lu Zhengzhang, the general manager of the Shanghai-based Golden Land Company, was awarded the "Outstanding Taiwan Businessman and Contribution to the Straits," according to Taiwan's Economic Daily.
Consultation on the new regulations: social capital to acquire rural land management rights must be qualified
Social Capital Acquiring Rural Land Management Rights Need Qualification
"Measures on the Management of the Transfer of Rural Land Management Rights" to be open for consultation and to supervise the transfer of social capital, such as industrial and commercial enterprises, to acquire the right to land management
Yesterday, the website published the notice of the "Measures on Rural Land Management Rights Transfer Management (Revised Draft Draft)" (hereinafter referred to as the "Draft Draft") to solicit public comments, adding supervision and risk prevention for the acquisition of land management rights by businesses and other social capital transfers.
The draft opinion is now open for public comment.
According to the Ministry of Agriculture and Rural Affairs, it has revised the "Measures for the Administration of the Transfer of Rural Land Contract Management Rights" and formed the "Draft Opinions" in order to implement the newly revised Rural Land Contracting Law, consolidate and improve the rural basic management system, deepen the reform of the rural land management system, and implement the "Three Rights System".
Beijing Youth Daily reporters learned that the first published "Opinions" have a number of important changes.
The newly revised Contracting for Rural Land Act clarifies the scope of land transfer, implements the concept of "division of three rights", establishes separate sections on "land contracting and management rights" and makes a clear distinction between the transfer of land contracting and management rights and the transfer of land management rights (through leasing, subcontracting, share ownership or other means).
In the Draft Opinions, in order to implement the concept of "division of the three powers" and effectively respond to the main thrust of the Law on the revision of the Rural Land Contract Law ", and taking into account the fact that the transfer of land management rights and the exchange of land management rights are quite different in terms of the transfer in terms of the parties, procedures and supervision, the revised draft defined the scope of the transfer, focusing on the transfer of land management rights in the form of leasing, stock ownership, etc., and changed the name of the rules from" Measures for the Administration of the Transfer of Rural Land Contract Management Rights "to" Measures for the Transfer of Rural Land Management Rights ".
The measures for transfer and exchange of land contract management right will be separately issued for the management.
The draft notes that, in the context of the "division of three powers", farmers only own shares in the land for a limited period of time.
In theory, in the event of a bankruptcy liquidation, farmers only run the risk of losing their rights for a certain period. Therefore, there is no longer any legal need to return the contracted land to the original contractor, and there is a conflict with the Bankruptcy Law.
Aiming at the problem of preventing the risk of peasants losing their land, the practice has produced the methods of preferred shares first, lease first, buy back, and so on.
Considering that the preferred shares have been discussed in the company law, it is suggested that it should be used as an advocacy provision to prevent the risk of loss of land.
